I think, "Oh my god, I have a shotgun
under the bed and a pistol in the side
table. I'm from Texas and I'm going to
be gunned up at all times." [music]
At some point, I was standing in front
of the bookstore and that book just like
stood, you know, stood out for me and
was something about seeing the eyes
again that almost uh created like a
moment of regression. [music]
It might be that this is a time right
now where we have [music] to be very
careful about preserving our dominion of
our reality.
There's something in your body that you
uh believe is an imp implant that feel
like
right here.
Can we see it?
Can you touch it? You can't I don't you
touch it if you want cuz I feel like two
years and I can give you a CT scan of
it.
Is it okay? Is it weird if I touch it or
is it okay?
No, it's fine.
But I feel like might be a little hot
because it's been working two three
years ago.
Uh two, three years ago if you had if
you had told someone.
Go ahead. Touch it. Don't be scared.
Okay. Wait. Here. Here.
I'm kind of scared.
It's right under my finger now. Oh my
god.
We are here with the legendary Whitley
Strieber. uh outside of writing maybe
the archetypal
alien abduction book uh Communion in
1987 which uh sold an incredible amount
of copies inspired a Christopher Walkin
movie and has started all sorts of
mythological lore and really uh made it
acceptable for other direct experiencers
to come out uh along with doing so many
other things. I mean I I literally just
bought a book by Stanton Freriedman uh
called Top Secret. It's about, you know,
the majestic 12 and you wrote the
forward to it and so you seem to kind of
pop up everywhere and I'm also joined by
the amazing Omar Candal who is the
number one supporter of American Alchemy
is one3 or 1/4th of Yes Theory founder
of Yes Theory and uh I'm always uh so
honored to be graced by his presence at
our very small humble operation in
American alchemy.
[laughter]
It's my favorite operation on YouTube.
That's for sure. And uh and it's always
an honor to just do this together and
meet all the all the amazing people that
you just uh brought into my life over
the past three years.
Appreciate you, man. Well, you've been
really pushing me to do this. Yeah. You
and Whitley met. We all met actually at
the Soul Conference. We got lunch before
that, but you know, we kind of
reconvened at the Soul Conference, which
was held by Gary Nolan at Stanford uh
last year. And you guys really hit it
off. And since then, Amar has been like,
"You got to interview Whitley. You got
to interview Whitley."
Yeah. Well, I'm glad you're doing it.
Adding to to Jesse's intro and and even
emphasizing the the title legendary. I
mean, you know, I I put this on. It's my
first time wearing it. And and I think
about like just this figure, our modern
depiction of the grays and how much
that was massively influenced by by you
and the book and communion and you being
able to have the sketch be so accurate
that it just awakened some something in.
It was the eyes mainly that awaken
something in people. I have to say
though, if they finally land and come
out and they don't look like that, I
will experience the most profound
embarrassment in human history in my
opinion [laughter]
because you think that they will look
slightly different.
No, I don't think they'll look
different. I think that I think that
Well, they're not going to look exactly
like the cover, but they're going
they're going to have those big eyes.
I'm pretty sure
you're responsible for the emoji we all
use while touching them. I know.
[laughter] No, and it's and it's it's
been a such a theme over the past, you
know, four years of looking into this
topic and meeting people with Jesse and
without Jesse constantly come back to in
the '9s at some point I was standing in
front of a bookstore and that book just
like stood, you know, stood out for me
and something about seeing the eyes
again that almost uh created like a
moment of regression for so many
experiencers. Yeah. And uh I almost
reflect now, you know, this is the end
of 2024. The entire country seems to be
talking about drones and UFOs and it's
like the most in the zeitgeist that's
been in my my lifetime. And uh and yeah,
and I think about like the other moment
that you know
before two before the 2000 where that
happened was when communion came out,
right? But there's a significant
difference between the two times because
when communion came out, it's very
interesting. Uh
I was told a publication date and then
all of a sudden the books were in
bookstores
and my editor was very koi about I said,
"What? You jumped it." In other words,
books, boxes of books appeared without
warning at bookstores all over the
country. And he said, "Well, we felt
like there was some kind of resistance."
I said, "What do you mean?" He said,
"I'm not sure." And I don't know whether
he meant I'm not sure I should tell you
or I'm not sure of the resistance.
But for some reason, they jumped the
book about two weeks and it showed up.
You know, when I was writing that book,
I if it crossed my mind that it was
going to initiate contact for the
ordinary people, which is exactly what
it did. Uh I don't know. I might have
frozen up. I might have never occurred
to me, never even crossed my mind. Uh I
was aware by then uh that there were
people inside the government who had had
a certain amount of contact because I
had met uh a space scientist David W.
web who had come into our lives, I think
through Stanton Freriedman, the UFO
researcher, and he was very wellconed in
the intelligence community and very
supportive and very friendly and met us
for dinner and came and stayed at the
cabin and said it was I was doing a
wonderful thing and so forth and so on.
He's very sweet. Uh so I knew the
government was aware of this of this
whole abduction scenario although I
think now that they've understood the
full extent of it they might not be so
willing to say they were aware of it
then but uh in any case
the fact that this period this thing
that happened in ' 85 initiated contact
is still sort of surprises me because I
don't feel like the sort of per I don't
feel like I don't see how it could be me
that did it. That's all I can say.
And that's exactly why I felt like we
needed to have a conversation with you
because now that just people are more
accepting of the idea that the NHI is
most likely involved with disclosure and
things moving in the way they have been.
I often think I'm like, well, something
was very specific about choosing you to
have this experience, knowing your
background, successful writer, you know,
could deliver an experience and and
articulate what he went through in a in
a way that can make other people connect
with that. And I and I often come back
to like how how do you how do you make
sense of that today?
Oh, I know exactly why they chose me. I
can tell you precisely. Well, they chose
me for a number of reasons. First, it's
a family affair. My one of my uncles is
was heavily involved in this at right
past
General Axon.
No, he's his my uncle Mickey and General
Exxon were worked at the air material
command in 47. And my father was
apparently involved, but he was so
secretive I I have no idea whether or
not he was. Uh,
and your father was an Air Force
officer?
No. Oh, no. He was he was in the well,
he was in the army during the war and
then there were a couple of incidents in
childhood that seemed to me in
retrospect to involve this, but that's
not where I want to go right now. Uh
where where I'd like to go right now is
into this this issue of uh
why me? And that was part of it. I mean
I don't want to go down the road of the
details about the family connection
but the most important part is and I
have come to
an awareness and I'm pretty sure I'm
right that they are very concerned about
something called cultural colonization.
In other words, if they show up with
this amazing array of being, skills,
technology, mind, they're going to
overwhelm us and make us feel completely
disempowered. And they don't want that.
They're not looking for slaves. They're
looking for friends. and they don't want
us to be running around behind them
begging for their cell phones or
whatever their cell phones to the beyond
or whatever they have. And so the choice
of this guy, I I can tell a good story.
I'm [clears throat] an efficient writer,
but I don't come from authority. I'm not
a scientist. I'm not Carl Sean. I'm not
I don't have I can't you you you can
take my work and you can say he was a
horror novelist and he maybe he wasn't
making as much money as he wanted on his
horror novels so he wrote a horror novel
and called it real in other words you
can just opt out if you want to with me
if it was a scient scientist with a big
PhD and a lot of authority you couldn't
opt out so with me it's take it or leave
it you can take it it's accurate the
story is feel and especially if it
happened to you, you're going to be able
to you're going to say, "Wow, this is
deeply empowering to me." And that's
this is what they wanted. And I think
that's why I ended up where I was.
Wow, that's amazing. So, you were kind
of chosen as a no. I mean something that
you've talked about as well is the great
John von Noman who is known for being an
absolute genius in his time smarter than
all of the other incredibly smart
scientists in the US Hungarian and uh
studied at a very you know actually
notorious school in Hungary with along
with his colleague Jonathan Vignner and
was just known as you know laid the
mathematical foundations for quantum
mechanics a lot of modern computational
principles he has said and you've cited
he's written a paper on the aliens
possibly uh needing to be believed into
existence. And if they do exist in some
sort of parallel timeline or dimension
that uh human consensus belief needs to
shift into uh kind of actually
manifesting them and so you would be an
incredibly important kind of first node
of creating that sort of belief.
Well, yeah. And that has been the source
of a lot of friction uh for me in my
life.
a internal friction and friction with
people on the inside who are aware of
what you just said. Now, as far as this
goes, let's go back and let's explore
Vonoyman a little bit. Very interesting.
He came up with he was involved in this.
I think that we're past the point of
saying, "Oh, uh, these scientists who
were supposedly in the Majestic 12
group, if that was even its real name,
that's all nonsense. It's just San
Freriedman made the whole thing up."
That's not true. They were involved.
A couple of data points to support you
before you go on is Robert Sarbacher
said John Vonoman was directly involved,
right? And vonoman died of a a really
kind of gnarly form of cancer and he had
uh cir secret service outside of uh the
naval hospital that he that he was in
because they were afraid of what he
might say.
That's exactly right. Yeah.
Well, you know, I knew Robert Sarbacher.
You knew Sarbacher?
Oh, absolutely.
No way.
Stan Freriedman was a was a catalyst and
he introduced me to Robert Sarbacher and
to other people.
Do you think Sarbacher was involved? And
then we'll get back to V. Yeah, I knew
Sarbacher was involved. In fact, I'll
tell you a fairly weird story here.
Stanton gave me Sarbacher's number and
then he called me back and he said,
"Sarbacher is waiting for you to call
him. He's very eager to talk to you."
So, I call Sarbacher. Sarbucker proceeds
to tell me all kinds of detail about the
materials that he was dis was working on
at the Battel Memorial Institute about
how that when when um electron
microscopes became operative. He they
understood that there was a a molecular
grid grid a designed grid inside the
inside this very thin material and that
was what made it so strong. And I think
that's probably been extrapolated out
into our uh military technology in many
different ways and possibly civilian as
well. And
he asked me I narrated my experience to
him. This is before communion was even
written.
How'd you meet him?
Through uh St.
Freeman. Okay.
So um uh and I narrated it to him and he
said I want you to write it all down and
send it to me. So the next day I sat at
my typewriter. I wrote the whole story
out. I put it in an envelope and uh we
weren't near we were I was at my cabin
in upstate New York and we were not near
FedEx but UPS had just started
overnighting and so they were willing to
come pick it up. So I called the UPS
office and they came along and they
picked it up to take it to Sarbach.
The next morning, I get a call from the
UPS guy on the scene saying, "We can't
deliver it. The recipient has expired.
He's dead. He died."
Arbacher.
Yeah, that came to him.
Give me chills. Wow.
The night he died.
But that was after commun
86. I believe it was 86.
Yeah, he died right around then. I
thought he wrote to William. Oh,
well it it was it was while community at
that point was being created and that
I'm quite sure of I'm quite sure of the
dates.
Wow, that's so
it was very scary and I and I've
Do you think it was related to your
correspondence?
I have no idea. He he was I was told
later that he fell off his boat and I
know the UPS guy said he fell off his
boat and uh the death certificate says
natural causes. Well, the context around
what was happening at this time is
Sarbacher had just written a letter to
William Steinman, who's another UFO
researcher who was actually an employee
of Skunkworks who got basically fired
over his research around UFOs. And he
was saying, you know, yes, there was a
program and Vonman, uh, Vanavar Bush,
Oenheimer were all involved. And he says
these beings are like insects, you know,
they're very lightweight. And he talks
about crafts and stuff. So maybe he was
killed for you running his mouth or
something because he was head of
Washington National Labs and David Grush
has said on record that he set up UFO
secrecy in 1954 and I know he's very
close with Thomas Townsen Brown who was
a mid-century anti-gra.
He set up UFO secrecy
along with Oenheimer.
Well, what's so fascinating about that
is Sourer would he talked about it very
openly.
Well, that's the thing. He was then I
didn't realize he died like that. He was
scrubbed from the internet. There is
nothing on Serbach or now. All you can
see is a a a little memorial from, you
know, I think it's some Florida magazine
or whatever.
I know other people who are deep inside
who are like that, who were
extraordinary, had extraordinary lives,
and now you can barely find them on the
internet.
Like who?
Well, we're not going to go down that
path. Let's keep talking about Sour
Pocker. Um,
do you think
Well, maybe and maybe maybe talking to
me was a mistake. I was very frightened
by it. I'll tell you that. And if you
read Communion, you'll see my references
to this, but I don't mention his name in
communion because I was scared to.
That was Sarbach. Oh. Well, Sarbacher's
son has now gone on record saying, "My
father told me that he used to put
cameras on, you know, modified versions
of V2 rockets in order to chase UFOs."
So, it has a familiar ring. He might
have said that to me, actually.
Really? I don't remember directly, but
it does have a familiar ring.
Well, that was more and more is coming
out about Sarbacher and Ross Coloulthart
has some interesting data points around
some of the nuclear engineers,
old-timers that he's met with in
Australia, knowing who Sarbacher was. I
think Sarbacher even taking a trip out
there because they had their Womera uh
nuclear test site,
right?
And so there being some correspondents
there and so that's fascinating. You
didn't realize
for context when we when we did the
documentary with Rush last year, I asked
him there is one person that you can ask
questions that can lay out that can
allow you to understand the architecture
of the program. Who would it be? And he
said it was Sarbacher.
How fascinating. Because Sarbacher spent
a couple hours on the phone with me. So
they knew they knew what was happening
to me. They had to have known or he
wouldn't have done that. Well, when when
uh Towns and Brown finally achieved a
positive result with his anti-gravity
experiments, this was in uh Paris, he
flies back to the US and um Robert
Sarbacher picks him up in his in his uh
big Cadillac. And uh you know that's
that's a noted by his daughter Linda and
and and his historian Paul Shatskin. And
so I think uh you know he was he seemed
deeply involved in all this stuff and he
he's written big textbooks. He was known
for having, you know, an IQ of 200 plus
and um I think having some
correspondence with
Starbucks. Yeah. Yeah. He was obviously
extremely smart. Very quick.
Yeah.
And uh full of insight by the way and uh
really I think he did a lot of good.
That must have been encouraging for you
before community was made to just know
that you were
Well, the first time I wrote it down was
for him. Oh, and the UPS said we'll
we'll send the thing back to you, but I
never received it.
He's he's written a book too about ultra
highfrequency physics which is basically
if you think about what happens at ultra
high frequencies. That's the stuff that
the National Science Foundation is now
quietly admitting unfortunately the
necessary and only impetus that will
allow us to release suppressed science
is kind of game theory visav other
countries and national security. But
they're now releasing this ver model of
extended electronamics which you could
say people like Starbacher were probably
looking into in the ' 50s cuz these are
sort of microw microwave really
extremely, you know, high up the
electromagnetic scale, you know, uh uh
uh very short wavelengths um that have
all sorts of weird effects, you know,
and uh explain a lot of the bi
biological effects as well when it comes
to UFOs. So,
well, that's very interesting. I I
haven't kept up with that. Right. I I
want to get let's get back though to
um Vonoman.
Yeah. because and parathetically on the
way back to vonoman
uh he didn't tell me personally but he
told a member of my family uh uh uh not
vonoman uh general exon that he had held
when the debris and bodies were brought
into air material
he had held one of the bodies and he
said
this is from the Roswell crash yeah 1947
he had said he said it was like a big
insect.
Insect. Yes.
And that's certainly my impression of
them. Only they're not big. I mean,
there some of them are very small that
some of them are bigger, but that was
that night when I woke up in that room.
My immediate thought was, my god, bugs.
Huge bugs. And I that's why I thought I
was having a nightmare because I came to
this with no idea it could happen. Now,
let's get back to Vonoman.
uh Vonoyman there's two things there's
the Vonoyman machine which is he
postulated a machine that would
replicate
the species that built it and would then
move around the galaxy looking for
planets that it could seed what if
that's what we have here only vonman in
in his I don't recall if in very much
detail in the writings he did about
this. But he does mention that something
like that over vast amounts of time
would inevitably have a certain amount
of deterioration of its its uh memory.
What if what we have here is something
that was programmed to
uh seed planets like this, but not
programmed to find someone else because
they had as much trouble as we're having
finding other people and decided there
weren't any. And so it arrives, it finds
us and doesn't know what to do. And
that's why we have this bizarre
situation that if you look step back
from the whole thing,
it could be it looks a little bit like
an AI that has gone berserk. Vonoman,
the vonoyman machine could be an
explanation for why this is so peculiar.
Let me put it that way. But the other
thing that von Norman and you referenced
briefly this paper earlier, there is
supposedly a paper and General Exon who
was no scientist but had been exposed to
a lot of scientists involved in this and
was very smart
tried to explain this to me and of all
the scientists who were involved in it,
I thought he was most likely talking
about something that von would have
thought up, would have conceived. There
could have been other scientists
involved in it that I don't know about,
but
the paper
supposedly is just a couple of pages
long and it if it even still exists
because a lot of this stuff was gone
with the wind, I'm sure by now. Um,
and what it postulates is that if
this presence is not from this physical
universe or even if possibly even if it
is,
in order to
become part of our reality where it does
not exist in any way, it has to
gain
a deeper
within us. We have to come to a deeper
realization of its reality. It has to be
as real for us as we are to each other
as this is to it us as this is to us as
our world is. If it's not from our
world, it has to break through into our
reality by taking us not just to a level
of belief in its presence, but to an
assumption about its presence that is as
basic as our assumption about the rest
of the reality that we know. It's
fascinating. How do we get our hands on
that paper? Because we know on record
that von I mean no scientist would
dispute this. uh he entertained this
idea that the mind is responsible for
wave function collapse. That's exactly
why I think he wrote the paper precisely
and uh he he explored that idea
extensively
and um so it would be something he would
think of definitely and it is u what
he's talking about in the paper I would
assume is an intervention in the process
of the collapse of wave function by this
other presence that alters the way the
wave function function collapses when we
perceive
So fascinating.
Yeah. Now, that would also explain,
and I take this extremely seriously
because I think we're talking about
something real.
You understand? I I respect this this
this belief. I think this paper existed.
Maybe it still does. And it's why when
people are all angry about, you know,
the government won't disclose and so
forth, I say, "Wait a minute." And they
say, "Well, we're ready." And I say,
"No, we're not. We don't because you say
we're ready for it, but we don't know
what it is." That's right.
And therefore, we are not ready.
And here's the problem. And I wrote a
short story about this about Bon
Norman's death called the open doors
about his fear that this is a door
which opens in the mind and in the
perceptual system and can never be
closed.
So once the door is open once we have
accepted them into our reality we can
never get rid of them. We can never tell
them, "No, it turns out we don't want
you here because we don't like you and
we don't like what you're doing to us.
We can't do that." The door opens only
once and only in one direction and
forever.
Now, if that isn't a motive to to hide
this, to keep it secret, people scorn
the call in a leaf. They say, "Well,
they think it's demons and we're
supposed to ignore demons and that's why
they do." It might go a little deeper
than that. It might be that this is a
time right now where we have to be very
careful about preserving our dominion of
our reality and to think of this in some
new ways. What do we do right now if we
are going to let them into our reality?
And I think ultimately we have to,
but on our terms,
they cannot come into and take our
reality. We we must not lose dominion.
This is what my new book is basically
about. And I don't want to I'm not
flacking my book here, but it does it
has come up.
Well, how do how do we maintain
sovereignty while letting them in?
Because we have to understand
their motives and their functionality,
their physical functionality, their
motives, uh their understanding of
themselves. And we have to even if it's
not necessarily a completely correct
conclusion factually, we have to come to
a decision about what we want them to be
in our reality. And this has but got to
be a decision that is so deep that it is
below the level of ordinary discourse in
a deeper level of consciousness which is
the level of consciousness which vonoman
was talking about when he was talking
about the the way perception collapses
the wave function. It's at that point
that we control this.
Fascinating.
That's Yeah. I mean, so this brings this
interesting question up philosophically
of like we all three of us probably at
this table like are somewhat more pro
the re-enchantment of the world or anti-
kind of materialist reductionism. This
idea that you know everything's kind of
happening randomly and lacks meaning.
But once you kind of let that in your
life, the idea that you know maybe there
is a hierarchy of being, maybe humans
aren't at the top of it, maybe things
are way more magical than they seem, it
is a Pandora's box. And um the the
farther and deeper you get kind of
onlogically, you know, as far as kind of
chasing truth, the more evil you have to
face and fight as well. And so um how do
you ensure that human consciousness
raises kind of commensurately with our
you know unveiling you know
epistemologically?
Well, that gets me to a story of
something that happened to me in the
1970s
before any of this was in my life.
But other people already knew it would
be apparently. I went but my wife was a
very social person and she had lots of
friends in New York and uh uh we went to
a lot of parties. I was even invited to
some of the parties but told don't be
depressing or I'll throw you out and
you'll have to go home alone. In any
case, um, uh, at this party there was
this lady who wanted to sit with me and
talk with me. She said, "Mr. Whitley,"
she talked with an accent. "Let's sit
down over here." And we sat down. And
she said, "I want to tell you my story.
My story is this. I was working.
I was doing the magical working, she
said, in a in Poland in the 1930s
and we pushed away the dark side. We had
made extraordinary progress in animating
a glam,
but we absolutely
walled off the dark side which kept
trying to enter our working in different
ways. Suddenly
across the river there burst tanks
with men in them in black uniforms with
death's heads on their on their caps.
And we realized that we had forced the
dark side to come in on its own and it
had broken down the door.
This woman walked from Poland to China
over the next six years and the there
was still an American presence in China
when she arrived and General Stillwell
got her to the United States where she
rejoined
uh the commu the same community that she
was in in Poland which had moved to
United States. It is terribly important
that we understand what the dark side is
and not say it's demons and we don't
want it. We push it away. We have to
understand that it's the wellspring of
knowledge and we have to we have to take
care with it. I mean you you don't you
do not dance with the tiger but you
respect the tiger's presence in the
world. So, how how do you do that?
Because you've said on record many
times, you think you are where you are
as far as your worldview because your
curiosity trumps your fear.
It does. I know that for sure.
On the one hand, you have all these
myths like, you know, the philosophers
stone or the holy grail or, you know,
you're seeking truth and you find it and
you realize it's within or something and
the outer is the inner. You know, the uh
uh Sedartha, you know, you have all
these stories like that kind of hero's
journey. And then you also have stories
like Foust and Prometheus of going for
the forbidden truth for for the
knowledge and then getting burned. And
so how do you tow that line?
Well, the first thing we have to do is
to understand
that all of us
contain bow.
All of us are Prometheus
and we always will be. That's called
being human. And the best way to do this
is to fully embrace in our deepest
hearts the honest truth about our
humanity.
It's dark side and its light side. We
all want to be good people. But that's
not all we are. Not one of us. That's
not our nature. Our nature is to
[laughter]
our nature is to be sentimental about
the good but enjoy the bad and the dark.
And that is look the whole the whole
expression of rock and roll is about
that. It is an incredibly important
expression a new kind of expression of
the human spirit. So I love it so much.
Although I don't have the ears for it
anymore. Unfortunately I have to ear
plugs when I go to concerts.
Who's your Who's your favorite?
I'm not going to get into that. I don't
think I don't want to go down the rock
and roll road. We'll be here doing that
all day and your your your
fans will sing, "Why did you talk about
rock and roll for two hours? Come on."
They want to know the real Whitley.
Well, no, the real Whitley is actually
also a huge classical music fan and an
opera fan.
Okay.
So, I'm a real culture vulture on many
different levels.
Amazing.
Yeah. What do you think, speaking of the
dark side, you obviously experienced
this famous, you know, abduction, if you
will, in 1985.
Prior to that, you had a very
interesting childhood, and you hint at
possibly having undergone secret
experiments. You grew up next to
Randolph Air Force Base.
Oh, yeah. Well, something happened, and
I know let's go back to that. Um, in I
mean, let's go back there in time. I'm
not saying let's return to it later. I'm
sorry. Here's what happened as far as I
can put it together. First of all, I was
7 years old when this happened. So
therefore, my memories of it are very
confused and very sparse. But I have a
very close friend who grew we grew up
together in Texas. And like a lot of
Texas families, our family connection
probably goes back to before the Civil
War. Family friendships in the South are
quite common. And we're still closest
friends. He's my closest friend in the
world. He is very high up in this world
in a completely different area from
anything remotely connected.
Is it science or is it
No, it's it's another another
[clears throat] area. It's something to
do with government.
Interesting.
And but we are, you know, we we we spend
every New Year's together. I'll be with
him in a and his wife in a few weeks and
week and a half. um he was also
recruited and when I told him the story
he's known all he's read all of my books
in manuscript he's knows all the story
backwards and forwards and uh you you
you'd laugh if you saw how very
different his place in the world is from
mine and we keep our friendship secret
I'm not going to don't bother probe
about it because I won't I won't go
there because we have to not because we
want to because we have to so in any
case he remembers he was nine and I was
seven. I don't remember anything about
them recruiting me. Uh he was recruited
and he was in the living room when the
Air Force people came and they knew
them. We knew a lot of Air Force. I'm
sure my parents knew them too. Uh and
they said to the parents that it was an
accelerated learning program with for
children with very very high IQs and
there would only be three or four
children in the program in te in tech in
San Antonio.
implication was was nationwide
and uh maybe I'm saying a little more
than he said but that was this is I
think it's logical extrapolation
and they asked about the program and he
remembers them saying
that it involved the use of a Skinner
box which I would assume my parents had
no idea what that was but his parents
did know and they said no this was a box
that a person was put in.
So, be real for the context for the
audience. Um, the BF Skinner was a
mid-century psychologist that, uh,
worked on kind of behavioral
conditioning. So, um, you know, how do
you honestly often manipulate biological
systems to like do certain things over
and over? You ring a bell or what? You
It's kind of like Aval's dog sort of
thing. Yeah.
Well, it was repetitive learning is what
it was. Trapped in a room in a little
box with repetitive learning. All I
remember is a dark place I couldn't get
out of and noise, horrible noise. I
don't remember any repetitive learning.
That's all I remember. In any case,
come October, this started in um August
of 1952.
Come October, I began to get sick
constantly. I couldn't I was getting one
cold and s. So my mother takes me to the
doctor. It turns out I have no immune
system. It's broken. Gone. It's broken
down.
So, they take me out of the program. I
don't even remember any of this. I was
told this. I I don't I wasn't told. My
mother never told me anything about the
program, but I surmise I was taken out
of it because the next thing I do
remember very vividly is I end up at
Brook General Hospital. little
seven-year-old thin little
seven-year-old boys being in a isolated
in a room and given gamaglobulin shots
and by these doctors who you know these
huge needles I mean this is the early
50s right needles are like gigantic and
these huge needles are coming at me and
they would get so nervous the needle
would go through my arm and the stuff
would drip down my chest. It was just
awful.
And then after a few days, I'm taken
home. I can't see anybody. I'm fed
separately.
I'm I can't I'm isolated until after
Christmas. I go back to school finally
in January. My mother kept my report
card. It said absent due to illness.
Absent due to illness semester month
after month all of her life. and we
found it in her personal effects after
she passed. And I said to my sister, I
want that report card.
And she said, "Sure, I'll give it to
you." She destroyed it instead.
And I said, "Why did you do that? I
wanted them." And she wouldn't say
anything about it. She said, "Ridley, I
just did it." What does your instinct
tell you on what the Skinner box and
these experiments were for? Were they to
make you a high performer?
No, they were to crack the cosmic egg,
I think.
So, kind of liberate the soul from the
body and light astral travel or
No, because the visitors showed up a
couple of years later or right then
maybe right even then. I mean,
and I think that that's the was the
purpose to and I think that
to make you a receptor as strong as I
think that this started. Now I'll tell
you what I have surmised and I can't
prove this.
I think it started at Dhaka. I think it
started in the camps and I think that
children who were being gassed sometimes
after the gassing they weren't there
anymore. everyone, you know, the people
would all rush into the center of the
thing and try to go up because the gas
was low and they would die in these
pyramids of humanity.
uh all of them clawing for the ceiling
and the children would always be at the
bottom crushed flat like bugs
and um
sometimes you the the Nazis kept
extremely careful records and sometimes
I suspect some of those children weren't
there and that noise I remember from
those box that box I think that's the
sound recorded of the screaming from
inside the they were trying to duplicate
the conditions of the gas chamber to see
if they could induce this power in
another in in in highly intelligent.
What's the So the kids weren't there
after
I don't know they disappeared they went
into another reality. So, I know you've
worked with Peter Levvena. He wrote a
book called Unholy Alliance, right? It's
getting into really speculative
territory that I I don't
I don't personally feel high conviction
in, but I'm curious to get your take on,
which is that, you know, the Nazis
somehow allied themselves with an unholy
force of non-human intelligence.
I don't even want to go down that path.
I don't feel a level of conviction about
it either. I think the Nazis were just
shits. But Lenda also helped you uncover
that some of these experiments might
have been post operation paperclip
Nazi experiments of some of these
Germans coming over.
Operation Paperclip people apparently
lived in my neighborhood.
Yeah. And my father was
on a big house on the hill and then
across the street a couple houses down
is an FBI agent and his wife and then
the street over there's these
scientists. So God knows what that's all
about. I had no idea. And then I'm going
out to Randolph every Thursday night for
um for these things. And uh and then
that ends and you know I sort of go back
to living a normal kid life. I have a
wonderful childhood. It's almost that
made me think is there something about
inducing such a high state of human
suffering that opens a crack in the same
way that an immense amount of love and
like focused intention can also open you
know cracks open something in in our
fields that allows you know someone
who's thinking of you with a lot of love
allows you to maybe feel that
yeah you I think you might be on the
right track I think that's exactly what
it was about
and even when I think about idea of
angels and demons
for one force is like exploiting human
potential and and humanity to like the
the most that they can. And then the
other forces there's like a levitate
like a they're trying to levitate
levitate or or elevate the the the
just the way we think and the way we act
and uh maybe the extremes do do
something to our reality that then
brings in things. Today I want to share
something that's become a gamecher for
me personally. Qualia senolytic. Have
you ever heard about senolytics? It's a
revolutionary class of ingredients that
researchers discovered less than a
decade ago and they're already being
hailed as one of the biggest
breakthroughs in promoting healthy
aging. This is where qualiaolytic
shines. As we age, our bodies accumulate
what scientists call scineesscent cells,
also known as zombie cells. These cells
just sit there hogging resources and
dragging down your energy, recovery, and
even mental clarity. Think of it like
pruning a plant. You've got to remove
the dead leaves to get the rest to
thrive. Since I started taking
Qualiaenolytic, I felt a huge boost in
energy and productivity. I'm sharper,
more focused, and genuinely feel like
I've rolled the clock back. And here's
the kicker. You only need to take it 2
days a month. This sciencebacked formula
is non-GMO, vegan, and designed to work
synergistically to help your body shed
those zombie cells. And with a 100-day
money back guarantee, there's zero risk
in trying it out for yourself. So resist
aging at the cellular level and try
Qualiaenolytic. Go to qualia.com/jesse
for up to 50% off and use code Jesse at
checkout for an additional 15% off. For
your convenience, Qualius Analytic is
also available at select GNC locations
near you. That's qualifi.com/jesse
for an extra 15% off your purchase.
Thanks so much to Qualia for sponsoring
today's episode. All right, imagine
this. You're crushing it all day,
feeling confident, and suddenly it hits
you. A little boost of freshness that
keeps you in your zone. That's exactly
what Mando does for me. It's not just
deodorant. It's a gamecher for your
entire routine. I've been using Mando
everywhere, even places you normally
don't think about. And let me tell you,
this is not your average deodorant. It's
designed for your whole body and
delivers freshness like nothing else.
Plus, I love the scents. Bourbon leather
that is sophistication in a stick. What
makes Mando different? It's safe,
effective, and works wherever you need
it. Baking soda free, paraben-free, and
clinically proven to block odor for up
to 72 hours. It's like confidence in a
bottle. Mando starter pack is perfect
for new customers. It comes with a solid
stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant,
two free products of your choice, like
mini body wash, and deodorant wipes, and
free shipping. As a special offer for
listeners, new customers get $5 off a
starter pack with our exclusive code.
That equates to over 40% off your
starter pack. So use code cosmic at
shopmando.com.
Again, that's s h o pm m d o.com.
Please support our show and tell them we
sent you. Smell fresher, stay drier, and
boost your confidence from head to toe
with Mando. Again, get $5 off a starter
pack with our exclusive code. Use code
cosmic at shopmando.com.
Thanks again to Mando for sponsoring
today's episode of American Alchemy.
Well, I started to have weird
experiences in my childhood after this
and uh I had a normal childhood and the
weird experiences were very
compartmentalized.
I remember an incident, two incidents. I
remember an incident of my father taking
me out to the country house and in the
middle of the night. It was cold so it
must have been the winter and um this
strange
car showed up with these glowing lights
that didn't shine and came rushing down
the road and stopped in front of the
house very abruptly like it was not a
normal car. And then the next thing I
knew, this object that was squared off
came tumbling across the sky and went
into the back pasture behind the house.
And it was back there glowing.
And I tried to talk to my dad and he was
just standing there. He wouldn't he
couldn't move or didn't move.
And then I felt like I needed to go find
out what was going on. And I went out
toward the back pasture and that's all I
remember.
And then the other incident was very
weird. Suddenly one afternoon, my mother
and father gathered up my then baby
brother and my sister and they all went
to the country house leaving me at home
with my dog alone at a age of 11
without ex, you know. Mother said,
"Well, just call us if you need
anything."
you know. Yeah. I needed a lot of things
like a dinner and you know a life and
you know not being left in the house
alone in scary night by myself.
Yeah. So after a while I eventually I
mean I made a dinner probably peanut
butter sandwich or something and I went
to watch a little TV and then went up to
bed to find I had an air conditioner.
This is house was too old to have been
centrally air conditioned. And there was
a window air conditioner that looked out
on a window and there was a lower roof
behind that beyond that window and u the
window above above the sash above the
air conditioner was sealed and it had
been pulled down and the seal was all
hanging loose and I could see it was
obvious that it was just little past
dusk there was someone on the roof and
so I went down and called the country
house and my mother answered and she
said, "Well, if there's someone on the
roof, telephone the police."
Does you see how strange this all is?
Yeah. She I She didn't come rushing
home. Did
Exactly. Or why did they go in the first
place? So
your your dad must have had some
involvement in
I mean he must have.
So you must have speculated, you know,
if he was this highranking army officer
who he probably had clearances, right?
But I don't know. I no he listen he
would tell you mother said well he found
apartments for for uh or uh GI
uh uh the wives of GIs who were abroad.
And then he if you asked him what he did
during the war he said well I just used
to pick up cigarette butts at Fort Sam
Houston and keep the keep the place
clean. And so, you know, I have no idea
what he did.
You're pretty sure that's not true.
I have a feeling somehow he didn't pick
up cigarette butts. Yeah.
Yeah. And And what what was his name?
His first is Carl Streer. K A R.
Okay. And um
so but getting back to this uh uh the
um
I went downstairs to call the police,
but I you know there was no 9/11 in
those days and I didn't know how to call
the police. So I'm got the phone book.
There's a man on in a house upstairs
could come in the house at any moment.
And I'm looking in the front of the
phone book for the local the Terrell
Hills local police. I finally find the
number.
I call them
and the lady answers and you know we
only had like three cops. It was a small
community, a bedroom suburb of San
Antonio, but an independent city. Save
on taxes. And uh
a cop comes. I know the cop. I know all
the cops. All the kids do. It's not, you
know, it's a very small scale deal.
He he parks it down at the front of the
h. It's a a halfacre front lawn with big
huge hedge like 60t tall August hedge
and a a bower kind of at the and he
comes through and I see him coming out
coming up out of the shadows and he's
got his gun out like this. He's coming
to the house with his gun in his hands
and it scared the hell out of me. You
know what did he know that I didn't
know? And so he comes in the house and I
say he's up on the roof and he goes
running upstairs.
Seconds later he comes running down
yelling, "There's no one there. There's
no one there." He runs down to his car,
gets in it, and drives off.
That was it.
Then what happens to me?
I actually don't know. The rest of the
night, I don't remember a thing about
it. I remember my parents and my sister
coming home the next morning. It was a
beautiful morning. I came home at about
11 o'clock or 12 o'clock before noon
because I had breakfast lunch with them.
I had made my own breakfast. I remember
that.
That's the story.
And you're still in communication with
the NHI. Is that right? As of as of
today.
Yes. It's part of my It's a
an NH nonhuman intelligence. I am in
communication with something. Do they
manifest themselves as grays for you or
still?
No, not often. Once in a counsel,
I'm pleading
I want you to a come in front of the
cameras. I've got two different camera
systems in the house. I've been I've
been trying to get pictures of them
since the 80s. Do you have any?
No, I do. I have very little stuff. a
few things. Um, uh, they got pissed off
at me a couple of years ago and there
they all these explosions, strange
explosions got picked up, uh, as a
result of that and on the cameras and
um, I've got that and they like me to
wake up at 3:00 in the morning to immune
I guess and uh,
and
is it a specific time? Well, it's an
hour according if it's if I'm right
about what it is. There's a an ancient
yogic tradition of Brahma Maherta time.
The time you you're looking you're
nodding your head.
Yeah. Yeah. Because in Islam, it's also
you there's like a in a lot of religions
that time is is is like very sacred. You
do commune with God like the the highest
uh the highest um yeah in Islam the
prayer that you do around that time is
the one where where you're supposedly
closest to God. And I think it has
something to do with actually like uh
having gone to Joe Despensza retreat, he
there was a whole thing around like
melatonin being uh there's something
mystical about that we still don't
understand about how melatonin makes the
uh makes the brain makes the brain act
when we're asleep. And that's why
some of his meditation you'd make you
wake up during that time.
Well, I wake up during that time every
night. every every single night and in
fact for years after my wife passed away
back in the 90s.
Well, what is Burma specific between
three and four or is it
Well, it's you know the interesting
thing was that it is supposed to be an
hour and a half or an hour and 30
minutes before dawn. And so that's why
I, you know, at first they would wake me
up physically. They would blow in my
face. I would get a little kiss. Um, I
wrote a poem. I have a book of poems out
called The Hidden Garden, which has been
read by I think 12 people and another 14
people listen to the audio book. But,
you know, poetry is not
Go out and check out Whitley's poetry.
Come on.
Yeah, do it folks. Do check out. It's
nice. Anyway, I wrote a poem about this
experience and and uh and it was not an
unpleasant experience. you know, you get
to the point where you have to learn
something about sleep, healthy sleep, or
you're going to go crazy getting waked
up at that hour every night. And, you
know, they do not they do not stop. Uh
uh so
after she passes back in the ' 90s,
there was a period of time where they
waking me up at that hour. Then we lost
the cabin. and we leave the cabin
uh and that doesn't happen. Then she
gets ill and she passes on and few days
after she passes on it starts again.
They start waking me up at 3:00 in the
around that time and
it becomes a very big part of my life.
Very important because I can feel the
communing going on. I can feel it really
intensely and part of it is involved
seems to be involved with my wife and
other dead people and the dead and the
aliens are kind of all
Do you think you know we talk about the
communion of the saints in Christianity
do you think that it's somewhat similar
where where you're communing with
it feels incredibly sacred it's
something I would not I I every once in
a while I I don't do it because what
happened At first, for the first five
years from 19 2015 until
2020, they woke me up religiously every
night. Then they [clears throat] began
to not necessarily wake me up every
night, but I was expected to wake myself
up. And I found that out the hard way as
I decided, well, they're not waking me
up so I can sleep all night. That wasn't
the idea.
Do you get any messages from them
particular?
Oh, God. And I've written all my books
since 2015 have been written based on
this.
What are some what are some big
recurring themes as far as messages
you're supposed to get out to humanity
from them?
Well, if you look across the books, what
you see are two things. One is we are
more than physical creatures. And two is
we have value, more value than we
ourselves recognize.
We are very very valuable and
extraordinary beings. We're not the
lesser. We are our own in our own way.
We are another masterpiece of the
universe. And you can see that that's
the arc. If there's any arc in that in
those books, that's the ark. And it
comes up very strongly in the new book
which is basically about empowerment.
Do you because I read your book on Jesus
actually. And he did. Yeah. Yeah. Oh,
thank you.
Yeah, of course. I thought it was great.
And it definitely has like gnostic
underpinnings around your view of Jesus
that he uh ascended to, you know, in
traditional Christianity he he he was a
son of God. He was also godlike. But I
think you view him as possibly one of
many. And so going to your point about
humans generically speaking being more
special or more godlike, is that would
you would that be your sort of worldview
that we're capable of coming to deity
that because we are we're not like the
angels and the perhaps the demons uh we
don't have to be anything. We can take a
journey.
the we have that freedom to take a
journey and the grays do not have that
freedom.
They know too much to have that kind of
freedom. But we they see
too far ahead in time and too far back
in time too clearly to really have free
will. They don't have free will. That's
interesting. So you're like if they're
cuz I remember one one part of communion
it's like this kind of joke but it's
twisted and it's so visceral and and the
the the the being says uh soon my dear
you'll you'll be one of us or something
just like us
just like us.
Yeah. And so it's like they're they're
almost they've moved far so far down
this path that they've hit this sort of
culde-sac and so they know too much and
they're trying to come back to warn us
to inflect in some sort of more godly
way or something
and to also enjoy
communing with us because when they are
in communion with you they are
experiencing time the same way you do.
Everything is new. How do you discern
between good and bad in that scenario
where if you do think that this is some
sort of parallel or alternate timeline?
What if it's bad entities and they're
trying to ensure that their own
sustenance and through trickery and
deception?
You have to you have to be your own best
best
counsel, your own wisest counsel. You
have to live a good life. Uh kindness
and not lying are two very important
things. Of course, we all lie and we're
all unkind. And everyone sees says hears
me say that and they immediately go to
all the things they did, all the unkind
things they did and all the lies they've
told. And so do I. The same thing. But
we have these choices.
Human beings can make choices that they
can't make. It's too late for the grace.
They know too much. They can't make
choices. Do you think they do exist on
some sort of timeline where something
happened? Like the classic speculation
about the grays would be like they are
the victims of some sort of nuclear
holocaust or cataclysm cataclysm. They
lost the melanin in their skin because
the atmosphere is sort of, you know,
blocking the sun, you know, due to due
to nuclear debris or whatever. Do do you
believe that or or any sort of specific
version of of who they are, where
they're coming from?
Uh
well, I know now that we have bodies
here that we have biologists have
studied here and that those studies are
ended. I don't know if they I hope they
still have the bodies because, you know,
they they those studies were never
released and they're done in secret and
there's probably a lot of biology still
to be done on those bodies if they would
ever be brought out into the public
space in science which would be
wonderful. But so we have bodies
but but I'll tell you a few things about
these bodies. One is they are a mix of
biology
and
not exactly machinery. That's too
putting it too far, but they they um
like biological replicas of some sorts.
They're like something somebody built.
Some somebody with a certain amount of
skill in in in genetics built these. but
not not unlimited skill because they're
not uh all that, you know, there's
things about them that don't work very
well.
Yeah. I mean, and then I also thought
that like if you're going to if you're
going to engineer a being that kind of
looks like like a frail small like
well you you you get back to the hybrids
which are they are they are engineered
and they are very fluently telepathic
but they are also unvoiced
and they are extremely autistic.
And if you go online and Spotify or
Apple Podcast or somewhere, you can find
a a podcast called the Telepathy Tapes.
Taking over by storm right now.
Yeah, it's amazing. I just interviewed
Kai and Dr. Powell actually.
Oh, you did? I'm going to interview Kai
uh in a few a few days actually.
Amazing.
I I discovered this and the second I
discovered it, I realized how important
it was. I'm glad it's come up. But these
people are unvoiced and autistic.
Yes.
Now I have friends
who are telepathic
and are not unvoiced.
And I think there may be some people in
working with with the in the IC and
probably other intelligence communities
around the world who are telepathic and
not on and not and voiced.
Yeah. But in any case, uh, one of the my
friends who's telepathic recently had a
contact with an unvoiced person who was
shocked because she
she he wasn't used to having a, you
know, another telepath around and he and
she had to really calm him down. They
were but uh and said, "Don't worry about
it. I'm I'm not going to do anything.
I'm just here. You know, I can't help it
either." So, um, but I Kai is a lovely
person.
Yeah, she's awesome. Yeah. And I think
really in this for the right reasons.
And, uh, for context for the audience,
the number four podcast in the country
right now, which is absolutely wild. Kai
Dickens is this amazing filmmaker. She
was rejected by all these, you know,
production houses as far as making this
into a, you know, larger documentary and
just kind of DIY style recorded this.
It's she's found all these non-verbal
autistic children who were formerly
being studied by this Harvard
neuroscientist, a woman named Dr. Diane
Powell. And it's really remarkable. You
have these kids being put in, you know,
their parents are put in one room, kid
is put in the other room, the parent
sees a random image generated on an iPad
or a TV or whatever out of, you know, a
thousand or 10,000 images, and the kid
guesses what their parent is looking at
with almost 100% accuracy, 95% plus
accuracy. And so it's it moves cuz all
of these studies in the parasychology
world of mind over matter or whatever
have traditionally been super weak. you
need extremely large amounts of data and
cohorts and you end up in these endless
arguments because people are too lazy to
actually look at the data, right?
And in this case, you have conclusive
data and all these kids are spiritually
while physically they're, you know,
non-verbal. They're seen as totally
maladjusted, you know, whatever.
Spiritually, they seem far more evolved
than all of us. They meet up on the hill
together and they hang out and they talk
about God constantly and the kingdom of
heaven and they seem to have faith in
some sort of higher world that we all
just they do have limited access to
and kindness and truthtelling are
essential in that
and they're so they know every they know
languages better than the Spanish
teacher without having learned it. It's
it's absolutely amazing. Sorry.
Yeah, they are. And it's, you know, it
it gets me to the hybrids who are I
don't know. I know a few of them and I
Are there some that are function? Are
there aliens walking among us?
Well, okay, here's the functionality
issue.
The ones I know
are
not voiced, which immediately makes them
essentially profoundly crippled in this
society.
Oh, so they're nonverbal.
That's what I'm saying. They're not
they're nonvoiced. They can't talk
and they they often have to use
techniques. There's one called RPM to to
type out what they feel.
But they the no they live in a non they
don't do that. I mean they're not
they're not in they're not interfacing
with the world around them which is a
huge problem. I've talked to Kai about
it. We're going to get together and try
to figure out can we help them because
they're very
they're very autistic and they are
fluently telepathic and you know I'm I'm
te telepathic but passive telepathic in
other sense in the sense that if I'm
around a telepath I can have telepathy
with them very easily and I will pick
them if I'm near someone who's
telepathic I'll pick it up right away.
Should we try to do like a do you think
about a color?
No. No. I I can't I I can't project it.
In other words, I can't read your mind
in your mind.
But if someone who is telepathic was in
the room, we could converse.
That's that's that that that.
So, I was walking in the grocery store
the other day that I'm live fairly near
some of them, I think. I don't know
where they live exactly, but I do see
them around. And of course, I pick it up
immediately. And this woman is walking
in in front of me and I hit I'm hit by a
brilliant It's one of them.
And she goes and she runs, looks around,
she's got a skateboard, and she starts
to come after me with a skateboard. And
I think, "Holy when I'm going to
be beaten to death by one of the hybrids
because she's scared of me." And so she
can't. She wants to leave the store. She
wants to run out of the store, but I'm
in the doorway. So she turns around and
runs off into the store and I think just
calm down, witty,
let her go. I'm not going to follow
anything. And so I just go and
concentrate on what I'm looking for. I
do not put my mind on her in any way. I
get my stuff and I go out and there's
often somebody waiting. Another one will
waiting. You know, they have these old
cars. They're not have they don't have
much money. And so the other one that's
waiting outside is there. And I come out
and go into my car and he looks at me
and he goes
like that and I know I'm good. I've
passed. They're not going to be pissed
off. But that's reality. It's a reality.
And I'm sorry. It's real. It's real. The
te telepathy is very real.
Do you think any of the hybrids are
functional human beings that are walking
around?
Not that I have met. Uh and and they
also all smoke all the time. And why do
they do that? Well, I I went to this
into this very extensively. I spoke to a
psychiatrist who specializes in treating
schizophrenics, and he really solved it
for me. He said, "Skizophrenics smoke
not to suppress the voices in their
heads, but to smooth out the the
nicotine, smooths out the the uh
emotions. It it it calms you.
And the hybrids smoke all the time. They
never stop. All the time. And you know,
in this society,
you know, in Santa Monica is practically
has a no smoking sign on the city on the
on the boundaries of the city. I mean,
this is not a place where you smoke very
comfortably anywhere. And so, you know,
they're very isolated and they're very
unhappy and they're not they're poor.
And I'm hoping and this seems to me to
be completely impossible. I'm hoping
that we will be able to reach out to
them in some way and bring them into
society because we've got wonderful
people, human, regular people, caring
good people who can help them. Have you
ever read the uh sci-fi novel Childhoods
End by?
I certainly have. [clears throat] So in
that book, as you know, there are the
overlords, these sort of cosmic hosts,
if you will, that are attempting to make
contact with mankind, right? They do it
through this cadre of telepathic
children.
And these telepathic children are sort
of the Paul River, if you will, of
humanity that are starting, you know,
this this communications channel to this
higher higher kind of Borglike being.
What do you think of that? Do you think
that's that that that's a case of
fiction becoming reality or
he he was obviously a very extraordinary
man.
He was f Arthur C. Clark was
fascinating.
Fascinating man.
He was probably MI6.
Oh, probably. Yeah.
He lived in Sri Lanka. He he wrote a
book about a portal in Sri Lanka on the
top of a mountain. And now I'm You have
to speculate that he actually thought
that there was one or something.
Well, of course he did. I'm sure he did.
Yeah. [laughter]
I had the strangest experience with him.
Um I had a friend
uh Mike Smith when I was living in
London. He was also an American and he
was a very good artist and in those days
the English were easily fooled by fake
credentials. So he made some fake
credentials for a paper called the
Chicago citizen which didn't even exist.
And we used to use these credentials to
get into places we didn't belong like
ask at opening day and the premiere of
of uh which is 2001 was Space Odyssey.
Yeah.
Yeah. Arthur C. Clark's the movie the
Okay.
Yeah. Arthur C. Clark Stanley Kubri
based on actually a novel by Arthur C.
Clark called The Sentinel. Right. So
Arthur C. Clark is there. I end up
sitting beside Arthur C. Clark in in the
movie.
No way.
I'm telling you the truth.
That's crazy.
And so, you know, I'm very quiet, of
course, because I don't want to I don't
want to get thrown out. And I don't
think it'd be too long before another
American's going to understand realize
that I'm there based on complete
And [laughter] so, uh, I'm
sitting there
or you were meant to be there,
maybe. And I asked afterwards, he turns
to me. He introduces himself. I was as
if I didn't know who he was and I tell
him my name and he said, "Well, why are
you here?" And he said, I said, "Well,
I'm from the Chicago Citizen." The
Chicago Citizen? He says, I said, "Yeah,
it's a newspaper."
Oh. He says, "Well, what do you think?
Are you going to write a review?" He
says, I said, "Yes, I'm going to write a
review." And I'm in the review, I'm
going to say that you are a genius. And
he says, "Well, you better say Stanley's
a genius, too."
Wow. Oh,
so that was my contact with RC.
Both of those guys were truly geniuses.
They were great geniuses. And God, I
have a feeling there's not too many
places in the universe that create
geniuses that are scot-free. Yeah. In
the world like we are. In moments like
this, I just often remember a specific
interview that Dr. John Mack did with
one of the uh one of the kids from the
aerial school. And she asks her uh why
she thought the visitors were there. And
she goes, "In space there is no love,
but down here there there is." And I I I
remember so viscerally watching that for
the first time and and that resonating
on such a deep soul level that and and
of course you can make the case that
it's wishful faking. Of course, I want
to feel special as a human and I want to
feel like we have something here that
doesn't exist elsewhere in the universe.
But there is something so profound that
anybody that has experienced like a
love and
and a sense of yeah anyone that that
just experienced love you can really you
feel the transcendence of that. I mean
the most popular film for the past past
decade was about like transcendence of
love interstellar. So like the whole
thing was about
was was about that.
So and and it and you could see how like
it's almost like uh
right now is the 10th it's the 10th year
anniversary and and the people are
talking back about the film because
people are watching for the first time.
Big fans are watching again and and it
and the convergence of even that I was
talking to Jess about a couple days ago.
It feels so every just everything feels
like it's making sense for the moment
that we're living right now on like uh
in the way people are in the the drones
popping up on people thinking more about
space with SpaceX landing you know a
tower from coming coming from space back
on onto Earth. I really do think that we
have something so profound here that we
have to preserve that we have to gather
around to like as you said really
understand what is it that makes us who
we are what it makes it what is it that
makes us makes them who they are and uh
and so that they are here based on our
terms. We know that we're not they're
not going to be the overlords that we
have to like
submit our entire sovereignty to just
because they're a higher form of
intelligence. 2025 is about figuring out
how to live together and that does not
mean we are going to have to accept
overlords. If that's all we can manage,
they don't want to be here. Maybe our
current reality is more governed by
entities than we realize. Like where do
thoughts even come from? And so I I do I
think there's kind of this perspective
of like, you know, one of my favorite
quotes is this Eden Phil pots. Uh, the
universe is full of magical things
waiting, patiently waiting for our wits
to grow sharper.
And um,
that's a wonderful quote.
That's a wonderful quote. And there's
maybe some strata of beings that are
waiting for us to ascend in to their
level to truly, you know, communicate at
par with them. And then there may be
some other beings that
if you're not aware of them, probably
have more insidious control of your life
right now.
Yeah. And so like it it brings up all
these sort of kind of epistemic
ontological questions. When you're
daydreaming, why are you thinking what
you're thinking? You're not consciously
constructing those thoughts. They're
sort of entering your mind as if it's
this antenna receptacle. And so then
then you have to ask what's on the, you
know, sending end of that. And you know,
well, on that point, I feel like we
jumped straight into the communication
with the NHI, but we're not we we miss
we didn't talk about the implant and the
fact that there's something in your body
that you uh believe is an implant. I
feel like
if you Yeah, you had you can touch it.
You can't I don't think you touch it if
you want to.
I feel like two years I can give you a
CT scan of it if you want.
Okay. Was it weird if I touch it or is
it
No, it's fine. Doesn't matter. It might
be a little hot cuz it's been working.
Right here.
Uh 2 3 years ago if you had if you had
told someone.
Go ahead and touch it. Don't be scared.
Here. Here.
It's right under my finger now.
Oh my god.
Yeah. That is Can you Can you touch it?
I I'll I'll come touch it. But I want to
finish this point because I feel like
that's also
normal tissue.
Yeah. No. I mean, there's the CT scan, a
video of there's a video of the surgeon
trying to remove it and the thing
moving at its own like it's
down into my earlobe.
Yeah.
And it just like goes down and I
remember watching that.
I guess it went under.
But that's the hard part.
It disappeared again.
Mhm.
It's actually moving now.
It went under. Uh
it's on the run.
I'm kind of guess cuz I could see it
just bright as day and now it's uh I
don't see it.
Am I going to have weird effects now
that I
No, not at all. [laughter] Listen, it's
been in this the whole It's part of this
conversation, you know, it's been its
gotten hot and cold. Hot and cold all
through the conversation of the implant.
Really? Yeah. It's
You think it's how you communicate with
the beings?
No, no, it's it's I work with it. In
other words, I can interrogate the
implant while I'm talking. But you've
had it was humans gave you that humans.
Yeah.
Men in black style.
We This is something we haven't touched
on yet is the human level of this. And I
can tell you a lot about the implant and
a um
uh and and what it does because I've
learned about this from I was taught
this by a couple of people who came into
the house. But let me just back up to
the time it was put in. Somewhere in one
of my books, it says it was 1992 it was
put in. That's a copy editing error. It
was May of 1989
and I was in bed in the cabin and Annne
was asleep at about 11:00 at night. I
was still reading and just about to go
to sleep.
The cabin is looks out on the swimming
pool in the back. I I had so much money
then I I I really wish I hadn't been
destroyed.
What happened?
Uh did you see Beyond the MGM thing? the
part of the episode three, it goes into
South Park slampooning me and all the
beating up I took. And eventually people
people will buy a book from somebody
who's controversial, but they're not
going to. It's easier now, but in those
days when you had to go into a bookstore
to buy a book,
you're not going to buy a book by
somebody who's a laughingstock and being
laughed at. And it torpedoed my career,
wiped me out, and I went on this long,
agonizing decline that ended with the
loss of the cabin and eventual
bankruptcy. And it was just a disaster.
So, man, sort of sort of knocking along
right now. I don't have much money, but
you know, I don't need much money. And
I'm I I can't I don't trust the
publishing industry not to get into bed
with the defense department. And I'm
well aware of the fact that there are
people in the defense department who do
not like me and do not want my work out
there.
Why don't they like you? [snorts]
Ask them. Ask the Collins elite why
they're scared of witness.
They really don't like you. The Collins
elites.
They do not. They think I'm in league
with demons because they are simple
people who are way behind the they're
behind the eightball and behind the
times.
I want to get back to your implant, but
really quick with the cons elite, this
is this evangelical Christian group that
like is cited by Lu Alzando and other
kind of disclosure advocates as being
anti-disclosure because they think this
is all demonic and so it can't be
scientifically studied. We shouldn't
even look at it. And a lot of them were
actually looking at the phenomena at I
think as a part of this program called
stack five at Wright airfield. And then
they came out of of that study with the
conclusion this is written about by Nick
Redford in his book final events that
this is all demonic. We shouldn't look
at it. We should look away. But I I I've
never heard the Collins elite well
characterized by anybody. Like who are
they? Are they they're still operational
and like what do they what do they want
to do? Uh I well early in the CIA,
right? They were sort of
No, it was Air Force as far as I know.
Yeah.
Okay.
And um I I don't want to go down that
path because um if you look at Beyond
and the episode three and you see what
happened to me and what it did to my
life and it's got something to do with
them. I'm convinced.
And uh because they they there's a lot
the intelligence community does way more
social engineering in this country than
you can than it should or should even be
legally allowed to do. The CIA stays out
of that because it's not allowed to
propagandize the American people. But I
think there's lots of workarounds with
other alphabet agencies.
Yeah. Air Force office special
investigations and Yeah. And the
connection between some important
aspects of the of the old media and
those uh organizations is very profound.
Absolutely.
Very dangerous.
So it's 1989.
Okay. The implant.
Yeah. Let's get back to the fun stuff. I
don't like to talk about that other
stuff because there's not a lot I can do
about it and it I have been beaten to
death by them. So,
and maybe I'll just finish the point
when you were touching the internet.
Now, people can accept that story given,
you know, Lou's uh Lu Alzando's uh
testimony and him even bringing it on on
News Nation and talking about it.
But I feel like uh yeah, probably the
time you were telling people that you
have an implant, people probably thought
you were
just nuts because like what?
Well, not really because actually
you had a video. Yeah.
Well, no. initial
anybody can if they were in this room
it'd feel your ear. I don't know what
that is, man. I mean, that is like not
Well, you can look at the video and uh
it's in a number of documentaries and
somewhere on my website, too. My
website's too big and I can't honestly
say where very easily, but uh you see
the doctor try to remove it. You see, he
says my wife sees it. She's right there.
Oh, that's a white thing. She says it's
a white disc
because one
like a little tiny white disc.
I mean I got I got a little piece on
and the doctor doctor
was such a cute sweet guy.
That's it. I'm not going to do anymore.
But he didn't know anything about any
any implants. And I I had said to me
from the beginning, you're not getting
it removed. You're not getting it
removed. Then it's 1994
or six I believe it was and we lost the
cabin. We're living in a little condo in
San Antonio and we meet this guy and we
talk and you know he's interested in
community and stuff and I decide I'm
going to see if I can get around an and
see cuz I'm very curious about I'd love
to see this implant. It's not really
working at that time. It's not essential
to me at all. So I say to him, "By the
way, uh, I've got this little cyst." And
she bristles. I said, "On my ear." Would
you feel that? He feels it. He says,
"Yeah, it's just a little cyst. You want
me to pull it off? Pop it off?" I said,
"Yeah, I would." Said, "Sure. Come over
to my office at uh tomorrow morning at
Saturday morning at 10:00 and I'll do it
at home." Man says, "You know, I'm sick
and tired. You You This is your chance.
We're going to have a big fight
unless you promise me absolutely on your
honor never to try again. I say, "Okay,
I figure I've got her. I'm going to get
the implant out and take take it to LA
and we're going to study it with Roger
Lear and you know, we finally figure out
what this thing is." So, we go into the
doctor's office and he's got his nurse
there and he's opens up the slit and he
Ann's there and there we're vid Ann's
videotaping it and she says it's a white
disc and the doctor touches it with a
scalpel or something a probe of some
kind and it goes down into my earlobe at
that point and if you look carefully at
the video you can see he gets sort of
still and it's real he's realizing ing.
He said later that I realized I was
trying to take out an alien implant. And
[laughter]
he says, "Um, well, I I'd have to take
your whole ear off. I pull out." Wow. It
was then two days pass and the ear burns
like hell. I think my ears caught on
fire and it goes up back under the skin
to this place.
Do you have any sense of what it's made
out of?
They got a sliver of it at the doctor's
office. He sent it to the lab in under
ordinary circumstances.
I receive a telephone call from Dr.
William Malow, the head of material
science at Southwest Research in San
Antonio, which was found founded by a
family friend. Is that is that's Texas&M
or No, that's
No, it's not&M. No, this is different.
Okay.
This is a private foundation founded by
Tom Slick, San Antonio man.
Uhhuh.
In back in the 50s and Bill is his head
of material science and has been since
the beginning of the foundation at that
point.
And somehow or another it went to a lab
to a regular ordinary lab. The doctor
just sent it to a lab. But I don't get
he doesn't get a report from the lab. I
get a call from Bill Malow about it. So
that's gone from the lab to Southwest
Research which is 50% 54 or 45% funded
by the CIA.
Bill says, "I've got your piece of your
sliver of the implant."
And he [clears throat] says
it is um
a metal metallic base
with
febrow motion moving uh uh celia coming
off of it. And then the doctor calls me
all excited cuz the the
uh lab tech has seen it and told him the
same thing. And I guess the lab tech
sent it to Southwest for that reason
because it was so unusual.
A lot of these things are reported as
moving under their own metabolism or
containing some sort of
I studied a lot of them with Bill. I
mean, Bill and I became close friends
and we studied lots of the ones that
Roger Lear was producing from here in LA
from the surgeries he did. And we found
one that was remarkable. when it was in
C2 in the person's neck, it was emitting
an a radio signal. And I'll get to the
radio signal in this in a minute.
Do you think that so yours?
It does. Yeah, I can tell you about it.
Can he measure the radio signal? Cuz I I
just interviewed Bob Maguire whose
girlfriend uh has an implant and he put
like an RF detector over her head and
can like measure the frequency coming
out. And so do do you do you do things
like that?
We Let's not forget what I was just
going to say. Yeah.
Uh but yeah, here's what happened. At
one point, it used to in the old days
that when it turned on, my ear would
turn bright red. It was very not I would
hear a noise in my head.
It was trying to to reach to to
communicate with me and failing. And
that's why it was like that. But I
didn't know that at the time. So I'm in
Bill's office. We're talking about it
and suddenly he says, "Your ear is
turning bright red." I said, "I hear it,
Bill. It's on. He said, "Let's go." We
run across the campus to a signals
acquisition lab. We get in the lab. I
sit on a stool in the middle and there
got all this stuff going on. And
after about 10 minutes, it's cold now.
And it turns off. And the lab guys say,
"We've got a signal,
but we can't tell you anything about it
because the lab's classified."
So I think
I you know I say to Bill I want to know
the signal. He said well we'll send you
some information. Of course they never
do. Um then the piece of the implant
disappears from his office or is sent
off to some other lab. I mean I don't
they were they were about 60%
they they were not totally reliable. Let
me put it that way for me. They were not
telling me everything by any means.
20 plus plus years pass. I'm doing a
book signing in San Antonio. All of a
sudden, two guys walk up.
They say, "We want you to know, Whitley,
I one of them says, "I was one of the
technicians who was who acquired the
signal, and it is the strangest signal
we've ever acquired, and it's still
under study."
And they turn around and walk out, gone.
I never see them again. I have tried
every kind of RF meter there is to get
that pick up that signal. I've had PAM
operators and all kinds of people try to
we can't pick up a sign.
You know what you should do? Use a
quantum inferometer.
I wonder if that's what they used at
that lab. I I don't know what they have
in a classified signals acquisition lab.
Well, the reason I say that is Yeah,
maybe I don't know if I'm allowed to say
this. [laughter]
I don't know. Maybe we should change the
subject. So, in 1989,
in 1989,
um, this implant is is put in your ear.
Okay, here's what happens.
I'm lying in bed. I'm breathing. The
windows are open. It's a May night. It's
a very pleasant night, so there's no air
conditioning is on. The windows are open
and just going to sleep. And suddenly, I
hear the crunching of gravel in the
driveway. Okay. I do not see any lights.
There's a big gate. The place is pretty
secure. It's a shale driveway. So,
crunching gra
that means tires and nothing else. I
think, "Oh my god, I have a shotgun
under the bed and a pistol in the side
table. I'm from Texas and I'm going to
be gunned up at all times." I mean, just
face it. Uh, so, uh, I start to go for
the I have a bank of switches on the on
the bedside that I can turn them all on
at once and completely flood the whole
area with flood lights. They're still on
the cabin, by the way. That's all still
there, although I don't own the cabin.
It's owned by a wonderful family, thank
God. And they let me come up, so and
bring friends occasionally. Anyway, I go
for the switches, but as I'm turning, I
see a woman standing at near the foot of
the bed. She's already in the room and a
man beside her. And I hear a voice in
the backyard, male voice, go, "Condition
red." And then they run forward and
instead of going for the lights, I don't
care about the lights anymore. I'm going
for the shotgun. The next thing I know,
I'm lying on my right side in the bed. I
cannot see. I cannot move. and powerful
hand is pushing my head down into the
pillow in kind of wave motion and the
woman's voice is speaking very
gently and softly like you know it's
okay it's okay just relax and etc and so
forth
the moment after this happens the
pressure is off I start to turn
and get out of the bed
as I do that there's a big flash of
light crashing in the woods
and I end up sitting on the bedside.
There's nobody in the room anymore. The
LEDs on the alarm system are still armed
red.
So, I grab the pistol. I go around the
whole house, even up in the attic, in
the basement, everywhere, looking for a
point of entry, and there isn't one. I
end up sitting on the bedside. What in
the
And I knew all about lucid dreams. And I
could hardly believe that was a lucid
dream. It was too lucid.
Finally, I sort of lie in bed all night
kind of like this, you know, waiting for
the dawn.
And I tell Ann the story, and I said, I
just don't know what to make of it
because there's no evidence whatsoever
of this. Then I go out to get the paper,
which entails going out, opening the
door into the garage,
turning off the alarm system, which is
still on, and getting in the car,
opening the garage door, and driving
down about a mile away to get the paper.
I love the paper. I still I still read
actual physical papers, in fact, the
times in the New York Times. And um when
I open the door into the garage, the
garage door is wide open, but it's
alarmed. It's part of the system. And
the switch is obviously completely
tripped. And the LEDs are right there,
bright red. And so I disarm it and I
keep going. I get into the car and I'm
starting to go down anyway to get them.
I'm sort of on semi semi-automatic
pilot. I'm just getting out of bed and I
haven't slept. The car is full of
static. It's like, you know, shocking my
hands when I try to the steering wheel.
I think, "Holy God, the car is going to
blow up." I jump out of the car and
[clears throat] I go in. I said, "Anne,
there's something's going on. It was
real. They someone came into the house
and they didn't trip the alarm system."
And she says, "Well, that I explained
about the garage." I said, "Well, call
the guy." I forgot his name, the alarm
guy. So I call him, he comes over and he
says there was a very strong magnetic
field there and it's not my equipment.
All I can do is it the field was still
there. He could he he measured I saw him
measuring with a gas meter and would gas
meter would go all just the needle would
disappear. He said, "All I can do is
replace my switches." Which he did. And
we tried to get some information off of
the alarm systems records, but they were
all garbled.
So,
couple days later, it hurts, starts to
hurt, and I realize I have this implant.
Ann's fascinated. She says, "Listen,
let's see what it's there for." I said,
"I want to get it taken out. I'm going
out to LA to Roger." She says, "Forget
it. You're not getting it taken out. I
want to find out what it is, what it
does. I said, "Well, it's tracking me."
She says, "Nobody cares that you go down
to the get the newspaper. Nobody cares
about anything you do. You're
uninteresting."
I said, "Well, yeah, true. I mean, I
don't I mean, I'm not a criminal or
anything, so I leave it in." And it
turns on every once in a while.
I was with a
Why do you think it turns on? What is it
trying to communicate? At the time, I
didn't know. There was no connection.
What do you think now?
Now, it turns on when at the 3:00 a.m.
meeting and I go into this
semi-meditative state and um I um uh and
it I can feel it turns on. I and and I I
I interrogate it. I say I'm write
writing on this. I'm working on that. It
doesn't answer me in words, but it
answers me in all kinds of different
ways, including synchronicities where I
will ask it for something,
you know, when it first started.
Sounds kind of awesome.
Oh, it's fabulous. I would I I have to
tell you,
you're just like an upgraded human.
Exactly. I that my wife was a very wise
woman and I thank God she did not let me
get that taken out. It's the best thing
I have in my life right now. But anyway,
I
And who do you have any speculation on
who the two people were that
Let me let me finish. And I don't know
who they were, but I do know some other
people that are involved with this
implant. This is a very surprising and
fascinating story. Uh I'm um
uh I have obviously got people in my
life who are on the inside and I'm going
to respect their privacy. I don't agree
with their secrecy, but I respect their
privacy.
And you think they take a special
interest in you?
They do. Definitely. Absolutely. They
have for a long a lot of them have known
for a long time. And getting back to all
the way back to Dr. Webb,
they knew what was going on. They know
some of them still do. Anyway,
think Sarbacher had interest in what you
went through.
Was it was it Sarbacher? I mean, it's
like that organic or was that did he
have an interest specifically in you?
Oh, specifically that's why you asked
Sarbacher wanted me to write it all out.
Oh, wow.
Yeah. Yeah. Something
fast.
So, yeah. So, anyway,
this gentleman, it's a wonderful
gentleman. You both know his name, and
I'm not going to say it cuz he also has
a horrible temper. And now you know
exactly. You're thinking, you you know
who it is. And I'm If you say his name,
I'm going to deny it. Plausible
deniability. Okay. Anyway,
I can look at your facial gestures.
Anyway, he wants me to get a CT scan of
the implant.
And I'm
eager to do this, of course. I said,
"Well, how am I going to do it?" He
says, I say, "Because I can't go to my
doctor and say, I want a CT scan of my
ear for no apparent reason." And he
says, "Well, I'll I'll call him." So I
call the doc the doctor. I I he says and
then he calls him back says make an
appointment with him. I make an
appointment with him and he's all
excited. He says it's all set up. You
just have to go over the go to the get
and they'll do a CT scan of your ear.
And I go over to the power medical lab
or wherever it was.
And they they're very confused.
A CT scan of your ear. And then there's
a person who comes there who they don't
know who wants to be there and there's a
little confusion and that's resolved
finally. And so they do it and I get it
back and it's a wonderful I've got
images of it. It's a wonderfully clear
perfect scan. You see the thing clearly.
However, 2 days before this, after I
have agreed to do it,
someone somewhere got the idea
apparently that I might get it agreed to
have it taken out because I'm sure
that's where from the CT scan, the next
step was going to be, well, we've got a
CT scan. We want to look at it.
Now, there is a certain knock on my door
which I am not going to duplicate.
It's immediately recognizable and it's
unusual. I know this knock and it's come
to me a few times both here in
California and in other places. I know
that when that happens, I'm going to
open the door and I'm going to have a
conversation with human beings with some
people. It happens. I open the door. Two
men are there, one of whom I have met a
number of times, one of whom I did not
know, who I suppose I always there's
always a second one there, and I always
think to myself, he needs a guard for
some reason. Is it because he's being
watched or because they're scared I'll
go crazy or what is it? But anyway, they
come in. He proceeds to explain to me
how the implant works. [snorts]
Very nice man. He explains that it that
it uh can can pick up and uh needed
information and find it and draw me to
it. I said, "It's like synchronicities."
She says, "It's not a synchronicity.
It's actually guiding you to where you
need to go to get the information." And
it's wonderful in that respect. All I
have to do is think of something I need.
What information?
Just any anything I need.
Anything you want.
Anything I need. When you read the new
book, you're going to see a lot of stuff
about genetics and stuff in it that I no
idea about before I started writing the
book, but it's all there now.
Do you think the two people who
implanted it were human or non-heum?
They looked like people. That's all I
know. I cannot tell you anything else
about them.
I don't know. Clearly, there was no
there was no surgery. It was just like a
No, it there was no there was no surgery
there. It just went through the skin. So
if they were people, they were and and
this business with this super high
intensity free floating magnetic field.
We can't do that. We we can now but we
couldn't thin.
Yeah. I wonder if these are the the
agents that Tim Taylor was talking about
in that in his high beings
or that if you talk to like people like
Richard Dolan, you know, he'll say like
they're the Men in Black phenomena is
actually very real and that's like
counter intelligence for the NHI for the
aliens or something. There's something
there's some kind of there's some kind
of bleeding off there between the the
presence and the and us.
And it it's got something to do with the
DoD. I'm sure.
I'm sure it does. Uh
but let's go back now to the incident um
uh to this the two men coming into the
apartment. This was a just a few years
ago. So they explain to me, the man
explains to me that part of it and a few
other things about how it works. And
then uh he says it was invented by a man
named Constantine Raw. And they leave.
And of course I immediately Google the
name. And I realize as I'm googling the
name, it's not Rodive. He mispronounces.
It's Roto. Constantin Rod was an expert
in electronic voice phenomena and
electronic voice communication with the
dead.
No way.
With [clears throat] the dead.
With the dead. So like
it's a a technological version of
mediumship or something.
Exactly. It's technological mediumship
and it's he said that he designed it. Am
I wearing something that was designed by
someone who was dead and on the other
side when he designed it or he did he
design it before he died? I don't know.
When did he live? He's passed away.
He died in the 70s, I think. But there's
lots on on the internet about him. R A U
D I V E.
Have you tried to match up his patents
or pictures from his work to end the
look similar?
No, I I didn't I couldn't find anything.
anything?
No,
but I did find this out.
But that's fascinating that you describe
your your you know this heating up at
night at the specific hour that's known
historically to be when you commune
and and it's it's communion for you.
You're seeing that there's a there's a
there's a there's a structure here. It's
not random.
Also, the other thing the implant does
is opens up a slit in this eye. Really,
it's more in this eye now, but it opens
up a slit and you can see words racing
through the slit too fast for you to
read except occasionally. And they all
seem to be kind of nonsense words. I
mean, they're words. They're English
words for the most part, but they're not
uh relevant to anything. And I asked him
about that and he said, the man, he
said, that's drawing up
material from your unconscious that's
relevant to what you're doing, what
you're working on. And then and this is
why when I'm writing, I can remember
incredible detail about all kinds of
stuff.
And you've written 40 books.
Yeah. But this is this is recent. This
is after 2015. And I've only written
about six books since then.
So the thing came on starting 2015.
In 20 No, it came on in 1989 and it
started working in 2015.
Oh, it started activating in 2015.
But there's Let's keep going here.
Well, how does this guy know this about
how it works though? How does the guy
who knocks on your door come in
because he is obviously part of the same
world we're sort of talking about that I
think Richard Dolan who is a lovely
brilliant guy has got something. I think
there is a breakaway civilization and
we're talking about it right now.
Interesting. So breakaway human
civilization that is systematically in
sure look human to me.
It's fascinating. Now then what happens
is I start telling my friends this story
and I'm talking about it. I tell one
friend and he's asked me not to use his
name. I've specifically asked him if I
could
who says, "Well, yeah, oddly enough,
I've had a slit like that in my eye uh
for years. I've often wondered." And the
words go through it and you can't quite
read them. I said, "You know, I know
what that is now." And I explain it to
him. I said, and he says, "Well, that's
extraordinary because, you know, I he's
written some books also, but here's the
weirdest thing. He's one of the world's
leading experts on Constantine Roderve.
No way. What?
Yes.
What are the chances?
That gave me
No, there's not chances. It's an
experiment.
It was bit been in him for longer than
mine has been in me.
Yeah. Where's Ro? What? Where is he
from?
He was from uh Romania or Okay.
Lithuania or somewhere like that. I
don't recall off the offh hand, but it
there's a lot of and this
did this guy live in your vicinity at
all or is there you know any throughine
between you and him as to like why he
received this as well outside of I guess
being connected to
um there might be some kind of a through
line. I can't see it. He lives up in uh
up in Marane County.
Why do you think yours activated in
2015? Why the delay?
My I'll tell you why. I can tell you
precisely. and this is this is just
stunning but it's all part of this and
I'm you know we're dealing here with
something that causes onological shock
okay so let's just suck it up uh
after Annie passed away it began is when
it began to work and I began to notice
the slit and I was walking across the
street one day and in bright sunlight
the slit's very obvious you can see it
and I I think to yourself, who are you?
And the words slow down and it says very
clearly coming across, it's me and Whoa.
Wow.
So your wife when she passed on, you
think she activated this to communicate
activated it?
And I think that woman maybe knew all
along.
I do not. An is a mystery wrapped in an
enigma.
She is. She is. So yeah, let's go into
that.
You know, can I just tell you something
on since an came up like I remember the
first thing I ever watched on you and
communion. I remember like after I
prayed for her because I just I could
feel how incredible of a soul she was
and I prayed that and I I promise you
this happened. I prayed that one day I
find love like like Whitley.
Oh man, you know when one of the
visitors when I was in the abduction
experience said to me, "You're the
luckiest of the lucky." I thought what
crap
and and then later I thought well I'm
must you know I've written communion and
now I'm a big name but that wasn't it
was her it was finding an
and I'll tell you how I found an
how did you find her
well I live was living in London and I
like England I spent a lot of time there
I came back to the states daddy got mad
at me because I uh was supposed to go to
the London School of Economics and
instead metriculated at the London in
film school. And a year later, he found
this out, figured this out and got all
pissed off and made me come home. And so
I'm back in the States and I'm in New
York and I'm trying to I want girls. I
mean, I'm, you know, 23 or something and
I want a girlfriend. I had girls in you
in London. Now I don't have any girls.
So I go to singles bars and I've gotten
a job. Dad said, "Well, you're on your
own now. You got to find your work. do
your thing and don't come back to San
Antonio. Just do your thing. And so, uh,
I, um, got a job as a media planner in
an advertising, Bentman BS advertising.
And, um, I'm looking for girls. I'm
going to singles bars and stuff. And all
the guys in the singles bars, they're
airline pilots, lawyers, doctors.
They're all media planners probably,
too. It's the lowest of the low in the
advertising business. At least it was in
those days. So, I come from a father
who's
never lie. Never lie. It's basic. It's
in your my blood. So, I'm not going to
say I'm a doctor or a lawyer. I said I'm
a media planner. I was getting nowhere
because I'm not the prettiest thing that
ever walked your
Come on, Whitley.
And no, [laughter]
I mean, you don't sell yourself.
You've been to You've been to You guys
have been You might do better in singles
bars than I did. I did not do well. So I
see in the village voices
now Mar and I just bring up aliens
[laughter]
now different.
He goes, "You know how we met?"
[laughter]
It's actually alien. Yeah. Sorry.
Um
so you're at the you're going to the
single bars in New York.
So I I I give up on that because I'm
wasting my money clearly. And um I see
this thing in the Village Voice or
something called Mindmates.
And I think great. My main problem has
always been I want really smart girls
because I want a girl. I want someone
who's really really really smart.
Preferably smarter than me. I figure
I'll try this. So I try my inmates. I
they send this package with I spend like
two or three hours writing essays and
filling out forms. It's a very serious
deal. I mean they're really into this.
and send my stuff in. Couple of weeks
later, a list comes back and it's got
like five names on it. All of the names
are the last names of fish or close to
it like salmon,
uh, Solomon, and that there's uh, trout
and all this. Think what the hell is
this? And there's one name on it,
Maddox, which is not a fish. And I
think, is it the fish are all fake? And
I actually was only sent one name when I
was supposed to be sent five. So I call
one of the fish and she's real. She is a
fish. I mean, she is a trout or whatever
it was. So I can't just hang up on her.
So I we have a date. Doesn't work. I
figure no more fish. I'm going to call
the one that's not a fish. So I call
Maddox. She's the receptionist or she's
at She says she works at a certain place
and as an avenue, not far from where I
was advertising. So I go there and this
receptionist is sitting there with
excellent
various things about her and she looks
at up at me with these big brown eyes
and I think oh god if only an Maddox
looks like this girl
and
I say I'm here to meet Anne Maddox.
She says, "I'm an
We were not apart again
for more than two weeks for the next 45
years."
Wow.
My best friend, who I talked about
earlier, the first thing I did was take
her down to Washington to meet him and
his wife.
And he says to me, "Wit, don't let this
one go." And Ann always said, "I got the
empir when he said that." when I told
her he had said it and I said she said
when I heard that I knew I was in. And I
said, "You were in before that, baby. I
was no way I was ever going to let you
go." She became my wife and and went
back to school and got a degree in
English literature to be my editor.
And you know, I wrote seven novels
before I published The Wolfin.
And I got close with some of them. One
of them was so annoying that this agent
calls me and says, "I'd like you to come
over. I'd like to talk about your book."
And
I thought I said and it's a big agent,
Candida Naddio or some Jeff Brown I
think his name was. He was a big agent.
So I'm very excited. I think finally
I've got an agent. He go over to his
office. He sits down across from me at
his desk and he says, "I just want to
tell you that book was the most annoying
thing I've ever read in my life."
It was called The Searchlight Horror and
it's about this town where nobody can
leave and everybody gets killed and
every in these bizarre accidents and
every time you get into a character they
get killed and that's what makes the
book so annoying. And Ann read it and
she said, "Yeah, Whitley, he's right.
This is infuriating. In fact, I'm not
going to finish it because I'm going to
beat you up if I finish it.
Wow. So, but you're almost implying
before getting into describing her that
uh there's something very special about
an as far as her role in your life above
and beyond a romantic one.
Listen, weird stuff started to happen as
soon as we were together.
Like what?
Well, the f I'm not sure this is the
first thing that happened. Uh here I'll
give you a couple of examples.
There was a We lived on West 55th Street
in Manhattan
on between 8th and 9th. You cross 8th
and then you get to 7th Avenue and
there's a little distance between uh 7th
Avenue and Broadway. And in that little
area there was a place we laughingly
would call the horror store. It was a
little uh storefront. It's probably not
there anymore. And um you would see
every once in a while a a attractive
looking young woman sitting in the
storefront in a skimpy dress with her
legs crossed and a green curtain behind
her. And we would pass it back and forth
cuz we haunted the bookstores that were
then lined to Madison Avenue. And we
would laugh and say, "The horror store
is open tonight." One night we're we're
going home and the chair is on its side.
The curtains flying back and forth in
there and there's a guy trying to in a
brown suit trying to get out and he's
being pulled back by these blue dwarfs.
And we watch this for a second, what the
hell? And I say to Ann, we've got to
call the police. And you know, there's
no cell phones, so we're not far from
home. So we run home. We're going to
call the police.
And she says, "What do we tell them?"
And I think to myself, "We're going to
tell them that there's this place where
these blue dwarfs are trying to kidnap
some guy and drag him behind a curtain.
Then that is not going to work. I mean,
this is New York City." I I thought I
thought to myself, the police will come
here. They're not going there. So, we
don't call the police.
We also didn't go by the horse store at
night. in
that's one of the many things that
happened. Many some of them were
hilarious.
It's almost like uh your local shared
reality with an was sort of divergent
from the consensus reality that we all
precisely precisely fascinating because
you know later these blue figures which
played a I didn't remember at the time
they played a role in my childhood.
They've played a role in the whole
experience in my life. I'll tell you
something else about
Lorie Barnes was our secretary and was
reading she's we getting heaps and heaps
of letters and I was saying you know we
can't throw them out because they're
very private many of them they got
people's names and addresses what are we
going to do yeah and just for context
after community came out tens of
thousands if not hundreds of thousands
of people were sending letters to home
because he left he left his address
being like expecting you know maybe 10
20 people to send ends shutting down the
whole the the the post office in there
in his town.
The abduction researcher, the pioneering
abduction researcher, Bud Hopkins, who I
pissed off unfortunately. Um but you
know, that's story of my life. A good
man was the one who said I should do
that and it was very important, very
important. So I want to just honor Bud
for that. Uh anyway, uh we got these
heaps of letters coming in and and I
said, I can't, you know, what are we
going to do? I mean, they're literally
pouring them onto the onto the living
room floor in heaps.
And um
uh she I said, "I can't read these." She
said, "Well, I can read them." And she
gets she gets her letter and she starts
she was a speed reader. She could sit
down and she could literally read a big
complex novel in two hours easily. She
was really smart. She was smarter than
me and that's exactly what I was looking
for. I wanted to marry a genius and I
did. So, uh, anyway, she's reading these
letters. She hires a secretary, and this
we'll come back into it in a second.
We're going to get back to the blue
guys,
Lori Burns, and they're working on the
letters, and they're all
four or 5 thousand of them are now at
Rice University in a in an archive
called the Archives of the Impossible,
founded by Jeff Kriel. And uh so they're
beautifully beautifully uh uh uh uh uh
curated now. They're so it's wonderful
that they're there.
[clears throat] So she comes out of her
office one day. She says, "Whitley, this
has something to do with what we call
death."
And
the letters again and again will mention
the dead in connection with the
visitors. M
and when we would have she would choose
people to come up to the cabin. Don't
worry, I haven't forgotten the blue guys
yet. Uh and she would say this letter
she this person we're going to have them
up to the cabin. And when she would get
these groups up at the cabin, the
visitors would show up. Wow. She knew
who to get.
Sounds like Anne was
Ann did this. An named the book
Communion.
Wow. Wow. And an Ann said things like I
asked Anne, "What is enlightened?"
She says, "Enlightenment is what happens
when there's nothing left of you but
love." Kind of the opposite of today's
Well, nowadays we think of it very
intellectually.
Yes. You know, it's it's informational.
That's so wild. The the the like one of
my favorite quotes that drive this quest
is the highest form of knowledge is
empathy.
It segus back to the telepaths. Uh-huh.
You're not going to the hill unless you
are kind and you do not lie. That that's
the those are essential criteria. So, um
she hires the secretary, Lorie Barnes,
and they're working on the letters.
Here is Lor's story. And now we're
getting back to the blue guys in this
long complicated segue. Uh Lori's story
is this is back in the 50s, 54 I think
it was. She's lying in bed at night
alone. Her husband's a they were they
were show people and he was on a gig
and
she notices movement out of the corner
of her eye. She's reading. It's about
11:00, 12:00 at night. She's waiting for
her husband to come home. She's pregnant
and
she looks up and there standing beside
the bed is this horrible looking blue
dwarf and behind it are a line of others
just like it. And of course she recoils
and it says to her, "Do not be afraid.
We're not here for you.
We're interested in the girl child
you're carrying.
And of course, she's not not made any
more calm by that. And of course, it's
the 50s, so we don't know what it's a
boy or a girl. It turned out to be a
girl. She I know her. We've talked.
She's a very nice person. She has a
lovely career. There's nothing about her
that would say she's in any way an
unusual human being except she's a very
good sweet person and it does a lot of
good in the world. Um, okay. So, this
happens and she recoils
from the creature at that point and it
says to her, "Why do you fear us so?"
And she says, "You're so ugly." And he
says something now that gets to way deep
into the heart of this whole thing.
Says, "One day, my dear, you will look
just like us." O
Lori has passed on.
I have wondered if the little blue guy
is going to show up in my life with
but so far I haven't heard any s any
sense of her presence at all. I do get
the presence of a lot of dead people,
but I haven't heard from Lori.
What were what were John Mack, Stanton
Freriedman, these sort of legendary
figures in the UFO world? What were they
like? Cuz you knew both personally.
Yeah. Uh, well, Stanton was
Stanton died basically running through
an airport. I mean, Stanton was the most
driven human being I've ever known. He
would go anywhere. He would do anything.
He would not stop. And he was very koi
about whether or not he had been
activated. By activated, I mean, you see
a UFO up close or you have a close
encounter experience, you're activated.
You you most people who that happens to,
they a lot of people don't remember it.
A lot of people can blow it off, but
there are certain people who just will
not stop. They will not stop. And so the
the UFO almost installs in them some
sort of drive or mission to for
disclosure or like an install inable
curiosity or
it installs within them a burning
question
and they can't let that go.
It's a wonderful A lot of the people in
this field are much more wonderful than
the outside world realizes that you like
you get a room full of close encounter
witnesses together. They're all
incredibly sweet and mild. You think to
yourself, well, a grays, they're little
and they're fragile. Of course, they
abduct people who are mildmannered,
right?
And children.
And children. I'm I'm very mild. I
should be as mildmannered as I am, but I
am very mildmannered.
Um, and was the one with the temper.
She could blow up in your face very
easily. But Stan Freriedman's to me
always stood out along with John Mack as
these guys who were extremely rigorous,
smart and accomplished in their sort of
day job roles. You know, John Mack was
obviously head of the Harvard psychiatry
department and then Stan Friedman was
like this Westinghouse nuclear engineer,
right? you know, uh, Lawrence
Rockefeller, who was passed on sadly and
was very interested in as much the
annoyance of other members of his
family, not all, but some, um,
invited me and, uh, John Mack and Edgar
Mitchell and, uh, Joe Lules, who's a UFO
investigator from uh, El Paso, to his
Medway plantation in uh, South Carolina
to just sit together and have a, you
know, with our wives and significant
others and just spend a weekend together
and it was wonderful time and I got to
know Jack John better then than I had
before.
What was that group like? And what was
Lawrence Rockefeller like? And and John
Lawrence was a Lawrence was a very
he was a good man. He had a good heart
and he was very curious and for whatever
reason he knew this was real.
Yeah. I find that so fascinating that
some of these elite families have such a
deep interest and Lawrence Rockefeller
specifically in the '9s
was trying to get Hillary interested in
this like um photo.
Yeah. the photo of her holding Are We
Alone by Paul Davies and it's a gift
from Lawrence Rockefeller who was trying
to get her more into disclosure and
understand kind of the reality of of
non-human intelligence. So, so you got
the sense that he he knew like it's like
he didn't even
he knew something. Lawrence knew
something. And uh uh Bootsie Galbra uh
was also a friend of Lawrence's and you
know I tried to worm out of Bootsie what
uh Lawrence knew and what they knew but
she was quite koi about it. She'd been
turned on in an interesting way. She was
in Mexico with Steven Greer and he
called in a UFO and they all saw it. Uh,
so
didn't didn't the Rockerfellers both
fund John Mack and Steven Greer as well
in the 90s I believe?
Yeah, they did.
Yeah. And they funded the Princeton
Parasychology Lab which was studying
mind over matter. So,
okay. So, what was John Mack like? Was
he
He was Well, first of all, we were both
cutups when we were kids and played a
lot of practical jokes and made bombs
and did all kinds of crazy things you
can't do anymore. And uh, so we had a
lot to talk about. We had loads of fun
talking about our childhoods and u he
was a very very smart man. He was too
smart to be deceived by assumptions.
Mhm.
That defines his mind better in fewer
words than any I can think of. He was
too smart to be deceived by assumptions.
I will never forget the day
I got a call and he was practically in
tears. He he just had the ambush and he
said they're going to try
Harvard at Harvard. Yeah. He he was
invited to a meeting. It was actually an
ambush and they're going to try to take
away my license to practice psychiatry
and they're going to try to take away my
tenure.
And I said, "John, what are you going to
do?"
There was this silence on
I never would forget silence.
That was hard.
It was bruty what they did to him. They
went after him. Roger Lear had the same
thing happen. They went after him. They
tried to get get rid of him. Get take
away his license practice for that.
It's these show trials. And Dr. Diane
Powell of the telepathy tapes mention
knew John Mack when they were at Harvard
together. They had offices down the hall
from one another. Her medical license
got revoked for studying these
telepathic children. Well, you know,
there's two sides here. The side of
Galileo and the side of the Inquisition.
And let's face it, it's very obvious
that Dr. Powell, Dr. Mack, the others,
Dr. Lear, are on the side of Galileo.
And these other creeps are on the side
of the Inquisition, and they function
like inquisitors. Yeah. I always wonder
is 100%. Amomar and I were at the DC
hearings, you know, a few weeks ago and
this just straight up spook came up to
us and in in the hotel that we were
staying at, yells at us from across the
hall, uh uh our friend Chris Ramsay,
who's an amazing magician from Canada
who's gotten super interested in in the
UFO thing. He's actually a world famous
magician. Kind of knows when people have
tricks up their sleeves because a lot
of, you know, the name he's made as a
magician is actually debunking other
magicians tricks or elucidating them and
showing how they work. And so this guy
is provoking us trying to get basically
get us to say that we're cynical about
disclosure and like don't believe in
UFOs and aliens by saying asking these
leading questions saying you know it's
all right? You know you guys
you're just doing for content, right?
Like you want clicks, you want likes,
whatever. And then Chris after he leaves
is like that guy had his hand in his
right pocket the whole time and was
definitely trying to record you. And
anyways going back to this kind of
establishment, you know, scapego
versus the truth seeker, innocent truth
seeker, I think about people on that
side like that guy. Like what's your
psychology? Like do you do you have any
historical context for what you're
doing? Like if you if you're just
persecuting people earnestly looking
into you know truth like how do you live
with yourself and do do you have zero
like metaphysical understanding like you
don't think any of your earthly actions
have any implications for what you do in
the future? It's all just you're
expedient expediently aligning yourself
with the establishment force. You just
want a promotion like like what do you
think's going to happen to you?
You don't you don't want to do that
because you don't want we have souls
and we're anesthetized to our souls for
a reason so that we can live free.
But no, you definitely don't want to
live a lie in lies and you don't want to
hurt other people. You have to
um like and another thing an said that's
so powerful. I asked her what compassion
was because I I'm really interested in
compassion. I want to be a compassionate
man. I want to be a good man. And she
says to me, she didn't answer the
question directly. She says, "Each of us
is all we have."
And that really went through me because,
you know, when I'm on the street and I'm
someone's pissing me off and I'm I'm I'm
a driver in LA and there are there's the
odd 3minut period when I'm not pissed
off. Uh, and I always think of this
these words and I'm face to face with
someone I really don't like and don't
want to be with. this person is all they
have.
It changes everything. It's incredibly
powerful. It makes you into a better
person just by knowing those few words
and keeping them in your It's amazing.
You know, that's power. That's word
power of the first order.
Yeah. And we are all on a journey. And I
think it's some, you know, there's evil
is typically depicted as being
consciously tyrannical evil. You know,
sort of like mastermind evil. Often it's
just being unconscious. It's just, you
know, acting on sort of these primitive
instincts that are is often the default
and and emerges if you don't kind of
consciously override it or seek virtue.
And uh yeah, I think uh we all just need
to look at ourselves.
And she would always engage with
homeless people and stuff. And
an
Ann would Yeah. And I I would say, you
know, uh h how can you know whether or
not you know I always would she said
just don't judge them. You you'll feel
which ones can use your help and which
ones can't.
Just don't judge them. Don't don't go
there, Whitley. Don't go to that part of
your head. You don't know why they're
there out in the street and you never
will. It's not your business. Speaking
of which, given that you wrote a book on
Jesus, Jesus has been sort of rewritten
by the likes of Thomas Jefferson, Steven
Mitchell, all sorts of writers yourself.
Now,
what do you think most people
misunderstand about him?
They misunderstand
well a lot of things but the most
misunderstood thing is in modern times
is the resurrection. Uh uh Jefferson
Bible takes it out.
It should not be taken out in Jesus and
you vision. I go into exactly why it
actually happened. And this gets way
back to the beginning of our
conversation when you mentioned that
suffering
has something to do with these
extraordinarily powerful states. It
activates something that happened to
Jesus.
What happened in the tomb was a real
thing. And the book lays out exactly
what happened because there's been
magnificent research done on it that's
ignored because it doesn't fit the
paradigm. But in fact, he did come out
of the tomb.
Well, the tomb was empty when Mary
Right. Exactly.
Yeah.
As a light being and and the shroud,
remember [clears throat] he said, "If
you do not follow me, I will return as a
thief in the night." And then and in
Jesus a new vision I point out the time
of that return. It was 1898 when the
first photograph was taken of the
shroud. That was the moment he returned
and we saw him on the shroud.
The shroud is amazing. And I think it
was studied by like NASA at some point.
Well, no, it was studied by a group of
group of air force guys.
Air Force. Yeah.
Yeah. [clears throat]
And they claimed to debunk it, but they
only took a little piece of it or
something.
Oh, no. I'll tell you the story. I'm
very close to this story.
Yeah.
Uh, Father Peter Raldi was a friend of
Ans. She had, you know, if you ever go
to New York, when you go to New York, go
down to LaGuardia Place and between
LaGuardia and uh right off of right uh
immediately north of uh of Uston Street
and rather at Bleecker Street is 520
LaGuardia on one side and there's this
beautiful park on the other side called
LaGuardia Park. If you go, you'll see a
statue of LaGuardia in there and you
look down at the bottom of the statue
and there's a plaque and all these
famous social people are on the plaque
and so are the names Ann and Whitley
Strieber. And one day we lived in the
building 520 LG place. She was looking
down there and she said, you know, I'm
going to turn that into a park and it
was just a place, you know, it was a
druggie hangout and stuff and she I
said, "How can you do that?" I
visualized her going down there with a
shovel. She said, 'Well, I'm going to do
it. And she called, got all of her
friends going and got them networking.
And soon they had millions of dollars to
build this park and to create the statue
and permission from the city. And
there's the plaque. There's the statue.
It's a wonderful statue of Lagardi. The
park is so verdant and full of birds.
And that's an
I'll go I will go there. Don't miss it.
It's like it's a pilgrimage place in my
own. Next time I'll definitely meet you.
Yeah, I love to meditate in that part
now.
So what happens to Jesus is this in at
least as I understand it.
He goes to Egypt.
He understands
the resurrection technique here
and he sets out to do this in I I
re-ransated the saying gospel of Thomas.
is you think, "Oh, he translates Greek."
It's easy Greek. I mean, it's it's very
simple.
The Gospel of Thomas is remarkable.
Yeah. It's absolutely extraordinary.
But what do you say to the people cuz I
I'll argue all day with like
conventional Christians where I'm like,
think that book is really special. And
then they say, "Oh, it was found, you
know, first of all, it was written 150
years later after his death and it was
found, you know, 1948 in this sort of,
you know, pile of, you know, the Namati
or whatever." The saying's Gospel of
Thomas according to the the Q scholars
is the oldest gospel. And they're
probably right.
Okay. So, it's the oldest gospel,
right? It was the beginning of the of
the story.
Let's go to the thread of you saying
that Jesus went to Egypt.
He learned this technique in Egypt and
the technique is sort of the mystery
ritual resurrection.
Total ego death.
And we're going to get back to the part
about the the discovery of the shroud
and the work that was done on it in a
minute. I don't want to forget that and
then we could quit.
Yeah.
Uh
he then in effect becomes a a magician
at a time where in the Roman Empire the
Cornelian laws are in effect and they
will kill you in all kinds of very very
depressing ways if they catch you being
a magician. So he's very careful. That's
why he tells people don't tell anyone
that I'm doing this. He understands
something about the mind. And my new
book is all about this. It's about
recovering this power.
Yeah.
Because we can all do this.
I believe that.
And this is where I differ from the
conventional Christians.
Jesus is in all of us.
That power is in all of us. He wasn't
here to put himself on a p pedestal. He
was here to say, "I am the son of man. I
am a human being." Well, in the in the
Gospel of Thomas, doesn't he take
Thomas who's typically depicted as, you
know, this Judas Judas as this like
betrayer? Uh he's he takes Thomas aside
and he whispers secret words to him.
Yes.
And so what are what are those secret
words?
Well, he he doesn't tell, but they the
other disciples ask him what does he
say? And he says they say Thomas says if
I told you you would stone him to death
in the saying gospel he says don't
believe me I'm not a teacher. He says go
out among the Gentiles and eat the food
you're given. Violate the law to a total
revolutionary. What he's saying is
leave your ego behind and be you, your
real self. And it doesn't matter.
Everything depends on this. Do anything
to find yourself. It goes all the way
back to the delphic oracle. Know
thyself.
And this is also the word, the core word
of Jesus. Know thyself. And the kingdom
of heaven is within you
and all around you. and all around you,
but find it.
Be as little children.
What what's the other Gospel of Thomas
quote? It's um if you look up, the birds
will precede you. If you look to the
sea, the the fish will precede you. The
kingdom of heaven is within you.
Right.
And uh
the great poetry of being is there.
Yes.
The poetry of being.
It's so it's fascinating. And and we I
you know I just interviewed Doc uh
Colonel Carl Nell who he kind of traces
back the origins of these sort of
esoteric versions of religion that he
thinks all kind of bound together in
this kind of hermetic lineage and he
talks about the festival of said and the
Egyptian magical papyrie where you have
these sort of you know secret
brotherhoods in Egypt.
That's very interesting. I did not know
that. I want to talk to Carl about that.
I know don't know him well. I sent him
an arc of my new book and that's an
advanced reading copy of my new book. I
haven't heard back yet from anyone. I
sent all my friends that arc. I sent it
I even sent it to Robert Bigalow who I
don't I know but not well. And u uh I
sent it to Jacqu Valet and Leslie Kaine
who is a close friend and of course Jeff
Krile and Hal Pudof who's been a friend
since forever. I mean we've been friends
since I was a
since I was about we've been friends for
over 30 years.
Since how old were you?
Well since the community experience.
Okay. So, so, um, let's go to the Shroud
of Trin because I I have a friend named
Randall Carlson. Works a lot with Graham
Hancock, incredibly smart, just super
rigorous. I would not do justice to his
work on this topic, but he has all sorts
of principles arguments as to why the
shroud of Trin is absolutely real. It
is. He's probably right. Okay, here's
what happened. a father Peter Raldi who
Anne knew uh calls us up one day calls
her up one day and says I want you to
come to a meeting we're having a meeting
about the shroud of turret would you be
interested and she of course says yes
we'll come and I said what is the shroud
of turret she said well let's go to the
meeting we'll find out we go to the
meeting and it's with Jackson and Jumper
the two guys who are they're fundraising
for the initial studies
And um I never meet them. I mean I
talked I you know in a fundraiser
context but I never like become friends
or anything with them. So, we contribute
as much money as we could afford to it,
a few thousand dollars and we follow it
and they do their stuff and it's all in
the papers and then I hear that material
has been taken from the shroud and it's
going to be sent to Oxford
and I write Father Raldi a letter. Do
not do this. They have to
defend their paradigm. They will lie
without knowing it. And they do bury
that very thing. They say the shroud is
from the middle ages. They destroy the
research. But it doesn't end because
this is humanity. And there are other
people in the world who have a better
grasp of the truth here. They can feel
the energy. and other scientists. And
now Jesus and New Vision sums up where
they are. And where they are is you
can't deny it anymore if you're a real
scientist. The shroud is the single
strangest thing on planet Earth. And it
is that way because it records the
moment a human being whose body had
expired transformed into a being of
light. What makes you think it's real?
uh the weave of the cloth, the pollins
found on it all place it in exactly that
place. Yeah. And time. The uh uh image
itself
could not have been produced by almost
anything except a sudden burst of
neurons. And remember the rending of the
of the curtain in the temple and the
earthquake. That was the moment of the
resurrection. It's a tremendously
powerful event.
A burst of neurons,
a burst of of energy that involves uh
neutrons.
Neutrons involves a it involves an
expression of a burst of neutrons. And
that's what
burned the image into the shroud.
And that's the whole thing of like maybe
that in intense suffering.
Christ all the way back to the
and that kind of electromagnetic the
neutron burst and then you're in there
all all these ancient art depictions of
like saints and holy figures traveling
up in this kind of cobbalistic like
bubble envelope thing like this
celestial ascend vehicle vehicle or what
wheel of Ezekiel you know
the whole theme of this conversation it
goes back to what you just said we've
been talking about the power of
suffering ing in all kinds of different
ways over the course of this
conversation. And now here we are coming
to the end of it and we're talking about
the ultimate moment that the power of
human suffering was expressed into the
world by Jesus in his resurrection. And
this is where we have to go. We have to
go back to an understanding of that
which is also an understanding of
ourselves and face the hardest thing of
all which is this place is a miracle. It
is a whole mira this whole planet is a
miracle. And that's why all of these
unmiraculous but fascinated creatures
are cut are going around here and why
they do not want us to kill ourselves
off. On that note, I this makes me want
to go pray. Like I that's definitely
what I'm going to go do. But like Yeah.
Oh,
we should do a prayer session after
this.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
I I can't think of a better note to end
on.
Yeah.
Willy, we really appreciate your time.
This was awesome.
Oh, thank you. I'm so glad. It was such
a pleasure to be here. You guys were
really fun to be with.
Thank you so much.
Right back at you, man. You got a lot to
say and uh I hope the the world
understands how profound your message
is, your experiences are.
They will in time. I probably I'll
probably have become a shade by then,
but nevertheless, they will.
Well, you look great now. So,
I feel great, too. I biked 10 miles this
morning.
Oh, that's incredible, man. Yeah, I do
it I do it three times a week or swim or
go to the gym. I'm a very active guy
physically.
Good for you, man. Well, okay. Well,
thank you, Willie. Appreciate it, man.
Pleasure.
Huge news, everyone. We've been sitting
on a ton of unreleased footage that we
will now be releasing weekly in our new
Our first episode is a completely
uncut, heated discussion between Hal
Putoff and Eric Weinstein on remote
viewing. Yeah, you heard that right. I
still can't believe I experienced that
firsthand and now I'm happy to share it
with you all as our first exclusive
video on Head over to
wop.com/ameanalchemy
premium to become a premium member
today. By becoming a member, you'll gain
access to weekly premium videos,
behindthe-scenes footage, and monthly
group calls where we discuss the ideas
we love most. Plus, you'll get early
access to merchandise drops and be the
first to know about the upcoming
conference we'll be holding later in
2025. Our WAP community will serve as a
private space where curious individuals
and tech enthusiasts can come together
to challenge the status quo and explore
ideas shaping our future. If you're
passionate about exploring
unconventional ideas and want to dive
even deeper into our content, I invite
you to join our today. Head over to
wap.com/ameanalchemy
premium to become a premium member
today.